"use strict";(self.webpackChunkblog=self.webpackChunkblog||[]).push([[178],{98326:(e,i,n)=>{n.r(i),n.d(i,{default:()=>t});var a=n(78e3);const r=[(0,a.uE)('<h2 id="general-meeting-may-10th-2012" tabindex="-1"><a class="header-anchor" href="#general-meeting-may-10th-2012" aria-hidden="true">#</a> General Meeting - May 10th, 2012</h2><p><strong>General:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Moderator:</strong> Mario Calderon</li><li><strong>Participants:</strong> Mark Ostermann, Victor Perez, John Agudelo, Enrique Ruibal, Tobias Schönenberg, Karsten Thiemann, Mario Calderon</li><li><strong>Date / Time:</strong> May 10th 2012 / 14:30h - 16:00h GMT</li></ul><p><strong>Agenda:</strong></p><ol><li>Preparation steps for release of ADempiere 3.7.1</li><li>Start a bug month for release 3.7.1: http://www.adempiere.com/Bug_Month_May_2012 <ul><li>Create a Wiki page for it (Mario)</li><li>Include a tester team to sign in</li><li>Make a call to the community (Mario)</li></ul></li><li>Integrate advances directly in Wiki page https://adempiere.atlassian.net/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa? <ul><li>Documentation of test will be done in Jira, whereas in the wiki page the results of Jira will be seen (Victor)</li></ul></li><li>Build and rollout branches/3.7.1 to http://asds2.adempiere.de:8080/webui/ (Postgres) and http://asds3.adempiere.de:8080/webui/ (Oracle) so testers don&#39;t need to make a private build. Currently it rolls out the &quot;stabilization&quot; branch. The rollout includes a full database reset and is done every 24 hours.</li><li>Build and rollout of branches/3.7.1 starting tomorrow (May 11th, 2012) (Tobi)</li><li>Publish bug month on our Wiki main page (Victor, Mike)</li><li>Change title of Implementation (Adempiere.java) to 3.7.1-RC, hotfix/3.7.1 branch, or similar (Victor)</li><li>Reschedule regular meetings <ul><li>Next meeting: May 24th, at 15h GMT</li><li>Meetings to be held every two weeks</li></ul></li></ol><p><strong>Next Meeting:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Date / Time:</strong> May 24th, 2012 at 15:00h GMT</li></ul><h2 id="log" tabindex="-1"><a class="header-anchor" href="#log" aria-hidden="true">#</a> Log</h2><p>Following is the meeting log</p><div class="language-text ext-text line-numbers-mode"><pre class="language-text"><code>Thursday, May 10, 2012\n[7:26:58 AM] Mark Ostermann: hi all\n[7:27:02 AM] Mark Ostermann: cu in 50 mins\n[7:55:37 AM] Mario Calderón: hi everybody!\n[7:56:07 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: Hello\n[7:56:27 AM] Trifon: hello\n[7:57:31 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: This is special meeting?\n[7:59:08 AM] Mario Calderón: hi Kitti,\nit is a FT/TT meeting\n[7:59:36 AM] Mario Calderón: you should have received the invitation via email\n[8:00:01 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: Nop, I didn&#39;t.\n[8:00:27 AM] Mario Calderón: aren&#39;t you in the mailing list?\n[8:00:40 AM] Mario Calderón: this is bad..\n[8:00:55 AM] Mario Calderón: should be one of the first things to be fixed\n[8:01:01 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: Never did. But the first time, which is ages ago\n[8:03:18 AM] Mario Calderón: ok, this has to be done today\n[8:03:45 AM] Mario Calderón: don&#39;t know who maintains the mailing list\n[8:04:02 AM] Mario Calderón: perhaps Mark or Karsten\n[8:07:44 AM] Mark Ostermann: hello everybody\n[8:08:00 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: ok, no problem :)\n[8:08:12 AM] Mark Ostermann: @mario: as far i know, everybody in CC Team can manage the mailinglists\n[8:08:42 AM] Mario Calderón: @Kitti: could you solve the problem with the Wiki?\n[8:09:58 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: @Mario, no I do not. THere is no further reply from our mails.\n[8:10:09 AM] Mario Calderón: :(\n[8:10:11 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: I don&#39;t know why Wiki not allow to put files anymore.\n[8:10:31 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: I think many people will have problem, not able to upload things freely...\n[8:10:59 AM] Mario Calderón: Mike told me it was a matter of configuration and that he would ask somebody.\n[8:11:10 AM] Mario Calderón: I will raise the question now to the CC\n[8:11:44 AM] Mark Ostermann: @kitti: what type of files?\n[8:11:59 AM] Mario Calderón: Mike said he forwarded the email to Dirk Niemeier\n[8:13:43 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: .ppt\n[8:13:48 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: .doc\n[8:14:20 AM] Mark Ostermann: have you tried to convert into pdf and upload them?\n[8:14:50 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: I think pdf can&#39;t upload as well.\n[8:14:59 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: Nowaday only image are allowed.\n[8:16:19 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: It is ok. I was thinking of uploading all my training documents there in ppt. In fact, I am not sure if it is a good thing to do and I don&#39;t want to make trouble for you guys :).\n[8:16:25 AM] Karsten Thiemann: hi\n[8:16:31 AM] Mario Calderón: hi Karsten\n[8:19:25 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: [16:01:24] Kitti Upariphutthiphong:  I was thinking of uploading all my training documents there in ppt. In fact, I am not sure if it is a good thing to do and I don&#39;t want to make trouble for you guys :).\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; maybe we should find another place for such files..i don&#39;t know, maybe rapidshare or sotmething\n[8:19:43 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: ADeV pays for the account ;-)\n[8:19:46 AM] Mark Ostermann: @kitti: should have had worked sometime with pdf. see here for example. http://www.adempiere.com/File:3circles_letter_sp.pdf\n[8:20:20 AM] Mark Ostermann: so i believe that someone must change some wiki settings\n[8:20:35 AM] Mark Ostermann: someone = who has admin access\n[8:22:00 AM] Mark Ostermann: @kitti: have you tried with zip, and then put ppt and doc into zip?\n[8:22:41 AM] Mario Calderón: I tried and fumbled in the wiki, but I found no chance to do anything, thatś why I wrote to Mike\n[8:23:32 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: zip not work too. in fact nothing except images.\n[8:24:36 AM] Mark Ostermann: yes, i see. just tried\n[8:24:45 AM] Mark Ostermann: only png, gif, jpg, jpeg\n[8:24:48 AM] Mark Ostermann: :-(\n[8:25:19 AM] Mark Ostermann: seems as if it was changed during wiki migration\n[8:25:31 AM] Mark Ostermann: and has to be changed back again\n[8:26:59 AM] * Mario Calderón invited jdaison\n[8:27:00 AM] Karsten Thiemann: kitti - can you give me your email address. I&#39;ll add you to the tt team list.\n[8:27:29 AM] Enrique Ruibal: Hi everyone\n[8:27:37 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: hi\n[8:27:39 AM] John Daison Agudelo S.: hello every one\n[8:27:43 AM] Mario Calderón: hi Enrique! good you could make it\n[8:27:44 AM] Mark Ostermann: hi enrique\n[8:27:45 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: kittiu@gmail.com\n[8:27:48 AM] Mario Calderón: hi John\n[8:27:54 AM] Mark Ostermann: hi john\n[8:27:56 AM] Enrique Ruibal: thanks Mario\n[8:28:41 AM] Karsten Thiemann: ok - you&#39;re now on the list\n[8:29:11 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Hi I sorry for my delay\n[8:29:25 AM] Mario Calderón: hi Victor!\n[8:29:37 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: Thank you Karsten.\n[8:30:00 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: hi victor\n[8:30:01 AM] Mark Ostermann: shall we start?\n[8:30:38 AM] Mark Ostermann: any &quot;real&quot; volunteer for moderator today?\n[8:30:49 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Hi guys\n[8:30:53 AM] Mark Ostermann: ... without voting ;-)\n[8:30:59 AM] Mark Ostermann: hi victor\n[8:34:08 AM] Karsten Thiemann: nobody? ok - then we should close the meeting :)\n[8:34:14 AM] Mario Calderón: well, I wrote I could do the moderation\n[8:34:24 AM] Mario Calderón: and publish the minutes\n[8:34:29 AM] Karsten Thiemann: +1 ;)\n[8:34:42 AM] Enrique Ruibal: please do\n[8:35:06 AM] Mark Ostermann: thanks mario\n[8:35:07 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: +1\n[8:35:10 AM] Mario Calderón: ok, then let&#39;s start\n[8:35:14 AM] Mario Calderón: Agenda:\n[8:36:16 AM] Mario Calderón: 1.- preparartion for next release\n2. - regular meetings\n[8:37:01 AM] Mark Ostermann: 2. suggestion to have regular ft/ tt meeting (e.g. every 2 weeks)\n[8:37:30 AM] Mark Ostermann: --&gt; to avoid appointment discussion mails before\n[8:37:31 AM] Mario Calderón: any additional item?\n[8:37:58 AM] Mario Calderón: http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_February_22nd_2012\n[8:39:07 AM] Mario Calderón: perhaps it could be announced in the forum\n[8:40:23 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: we are delayed with the release schedule\n[8:40:24 AM] Mark Ostermann: @mario: yes i can do that. just wanted you to check log first\n[8:41:10 AM] Mario Calderón: can anybody said what&#39;s been done and what&#39;s to be done concerning the release? So we define concrete steps...\n[8:41:34 AM] * Victor Perez Juarez invited muhammad.nasir.aftab\n[8:41:38 AM] Mario Calderón: @Mark: read, seems OK to me.\n[8:42:21 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Muhammad Nasir Aftab ask me if would are into the meeting, I said that no is problem so I add\n[8:42:31 AM] Mario Calderón: hi Nasir!\n[8:42:39 AM] Mark Ostermann: hello nasir\n[8:42:41 AM] Mark Ostermann: welcome\n[8:42:49 AM] Enrique Ruibal: welcome Nasir\n[8:43:40 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: we have the plant to release 3.7.1 only with buffix, so we can patch 3.6.0 and 3.7.0 with release 3.7.1\n[8:45:10 AM] Mario Calderón: what would be the steps missing and when could be the release take place?\n[8:45:34 AM] John Daison Agudelo S.: I suggest making a bugmonth for release 3.7.1 as this http://www.adempiere.com/Bug_Month_May_2011\n[8:45:35 AM] Mario Calderón: we could invite the community to upload their BFs\n[8:46:22 AM] Mario Calderón: in Altlassian\n[8:46:29 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: here are the bug list for 3.7.1\n[8:46:29 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: https://adempiere.atlassian.net/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?\n[8:48:20 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: We require peer review\n[8:48:37 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: and when we finish this revisión then can release\n[8:49:01 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: all patches are into the hotfix/3.7.1 branche\n[8:49:34 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: So now we need a lot the hand to make the testing and revisión\n[8:49:44 AM] Mario Calderón: ok, then the suggestion of John would suit best: to call for a Bug Month\n[8:49:55 AM] Mario Calderón: what do you think?\n[8:50:18 AM] Enrique Ruibal: Good Idea\n[8:50:40 AM] Mark Ostermann: +1\n[8:50:58 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: we also could build and rollout branches/3.7.1 to http://asds2.adempiere.de:8080/webui/ ..currently it rolls out the &quot;stabilization&quot; branch\n[8:52:23 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I think we should be more fast\n[8:52:33 AM] Mark Ostermann: [16:34:50] Mario Calderón:  Bug Month\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; Bug Month = stabilization phase defined in our dev process\n[8:52:46 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Bug Week :-) because we will finish the 10 june\n[8:52:53 AM] Mark Ostermann: ok if we still use the same name\n[8:53:07 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: and my wise is release 3.8.0. in July\n[8:53:49 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: yes the idea is get volunters to testing in 1 or 2 week :-)\n[8:54:22 AM] Mario Calderón: @Tobi: I find the idea of building the fix branch great, so helpers don&#39;t have to download the code and make a build, but just test!!!\n[8:54:35 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: because we need a big period to testing 3.8.0 that this release had a new features\n[8:55:20 AM] Mario Calderón: what do the others think about rolling out the fix branch instead of the stabilization branch?\n[8:55:28 AM] Mark Ostermann: +1\n[8:55:32 AM] John Daison Agudelo S.: +1 bug week\n[8:55:32 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: we need complete the cicle to new features (TT Revision, FT Aprovation , Testing , Inclusion in Development branch and Release)\n[8:56:49 AM] Enrique Ruibal: I think one week is a short time, why not call it Bug Month and let that be through the rest of May\n[8:57:23 AM] Mario Calderón: so we have to vote on several things\n[8:58:13 AM] Mario Calderón: 1.- do we want to call for a Bug Month starting now and ending in May for release 3.7.1?\n[8:58:28 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Enrique I think we only need distribute the bug fix\n[8:58:37 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: and each person can report the result\n[8:58:59 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: this is fast because we not are include improves or new fatures , only bugfix\n[8:59:15 AM] Enrique Ruibal: @Victor I undersand, just a suggestion\n[9:00:14 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: so I can see we have 42 bugfix\n[9:00:15 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: https://adempiere.atlassian.net/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?mode=hide&amp;requestId=10401#\n[9:00:20 AM] Mark Ostermann: I would suggest to call it Bug month, until End of May. ... and if it&#39;s finished earlier, then ok. Wonderful.\n[9:00:46 AM] Mark Ostermann: if not, then we still have time until end of may ;-)\n[9:01:23 AM] John Daison Agudelo S.: Yes there are very few bugfix\n[9:01:36 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: ok, we should try finish before\n[9:01:46 AM] Mark Ostermann: ok +1 from me\n[9:01:53 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: but then go End of May\n[9:02:09 AM] Mario Calderón: ok, let&#39;s vote on it, gentlemen\n[9:02:13 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: +1\n[9:02:36 AM] Enrique Ruibal: @Victor the link doesn&#39;t work for me\n[9:02:44 AM] Enrique Ruibal: Issue Navigator\nErrors\nThe selected filter is not available to you, perhaps it has been deleted or had its permissions changed.\n[9:03:06 AM] Enrique Ruibal: +1\n[9:03:24 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Enrique Do you are register ?\n[9:03:38 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Is necesarry are in Jira\n[9:03:41 AM] Enrique Ruibal: yes in Adempiere Jira, perhaps you need to share that filter\n[9:03:44 AM] Enrique Ruibal: yes\n[9:04:11 AM] John Daison Agudelo S.: Doesn&#39;t work for me too\n[9:04:16 AM] Mario Calderón: 2.- to do the roll up of adempiere ( http://asds2.adempiere.de:8080/webui/ ) with the fix branch to make it easier to test\n[9:04:57 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Enrique I share\n[9:05:06 AM] Enrique Ruibal: @Victor thx\n[9:05:33 AM] Enrique Ruibal: @Everybody we also have asds3 server.. we need to test both PostgreSQL and Oracle\n[9:05:36 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: somebody need that  I share\n[9:05:46 AM] Mark Ostermann: bye guys, thanks to all. have to leave now. tobi can vote for me. i&#39;ll stay online for reading later. for regular meeting I suggest to have 14h/15h GMT every two weeks. Day doesn&#39;t matter. cu\n[9:05:55 AM] Mario Calderón: bye Mark\n[9:06:03 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: [16:50:38] Enrique Ruibal: @Everybody we also have asds3 server.. we need to test both PostgreSQL and Oracle\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; yes, we should rollout 3.7.1 to asds3, too\n[9:06:05 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: bye Mark\n[9:06:41 AM] Mario Calderón: @Tobi: on which DB runs ads3 now?\n[9:06:58 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: oracle, i need to check for the specific version\n[9:07:01 AM] Mario Calderón: I think we all test just on one platform\n[9:07:17 AM] Mario Calderón: and most PG\n[9:07:47 AM] Mario Calderón: so the question is: can ads3 run on 2 DBs?\n[9:08:01 AM] Mario Calderón: if not, we should decide on which\n[9:08:26 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I know that we had install adempiere in oracle and pg in different instances\n[9:08:34 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: VM\n[9:08:49 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: we need test in both plataform\n[9:09:16 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: [16:52:54] Mario Calderón: so the question is: can ads3 run on 2 DBs?\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; i think i don&#39;t understand. currently asds2 runs with postgres and asds3 with oracle\n[9:10:07 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: exacly so we need  test in  asds2 runs with postgres\n[9:10:21 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: and  test in  asds3 runs with oracle\n[9:10:54 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: this should answar the Enrique question and Mario\n[9:11:25 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: answer\n[9:11:36 AM] Mario Calderón: @tobi?\n[9:11:40 AM] Enrique Ruibal: @Victor. .agree\n[9:11:57 AM] Mario Calderón: is it possible as Victor says?\n[9:12:08 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: sure :-)\n[9:12:40 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: May be is good idea set the url in main page of our wiki :-)\n[9:13:11 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: this way we can show always the progress version with the last build\n[9:13:33 AM] Mario Calderón: great!!!!!\n[9:13:38 AM] Mario Calderón: very good\n[9:13:44 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: because I think that only little people know that both servers\n[9:13:52 AM] Mario Calderón: so let&#39;s vote people\n[9:14:20 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: cunrrent wen only had the Adaxa Demo it is ok , but I think that we should have an official demo\n[9:14:40 AM] Mario Calderón: 2.- do we want that ads2 and ads3 are rolled out for the fix branch during the bug month?\n[9:14:43 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: +1 to public asds2 and  asds3\n[9:14:58 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: there is also a wiki page aboute the server: http://www.adempiere.com/Testing_Servers\n[9:15:05 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: ..for more specific infos\n[9:15:11 AM] Mario Calderón: thanks tobi\n[9:15:27 AM] Karsten Thiemann: +1 to have the bug month\n[9:15:31 AM] John Daison Agudelo S.: +1 to public asds2 and  asds3 and include in wiki home page\n[9:15:42 AM] Enrique Ruibal: +1\n[9:15:44 AM] Karsten Thiemann: +1 to publish the server links\n[9:15:57 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: +1\n[9:16:13 AM] Mario Calderón: more votes?\nVictor?\n[9:16:15 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: oh, sorry, +2..for mark, also ;-)\n[9:17:16 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: +1\n[9:17:31 AM] Mario Calderón: then approved.\nWhen can it be arranged for testing?\n(Tobi?)\n[9:17:35 AM] John Daison Agudelo S.: @Tobi I did not know that page\n[9:17:47 AM] Mario Calderón: so we publish the date\n[9:18:11 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that Mike can help to add into the wiki page, Mike is the admin\n[9:18:43 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: it has already been rolled to to asds2 (postgresql) and is currently rolling out to asds3 (oracle)\n[9:19:07 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: the rollout includes a full database reset and is done every 24hours\n[9:19:09 AM] Mario Calderón: and it has to roll the fix branch\n[9:19:14 AM] Mario Calderón: instead of stable\n[9:19:23 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: yes, hotfix/3.7.1\n[9:19:41 AM] Mario Calderón: I think this way much more people will be able to test\n[9:19:43 AM] Mario Calderón: ok\n[9:19:52 AM] Mario Calderón: then we&#39;re done with it.\n[9:20:19 AM] Mario Calderón: or there is anything additional?\n[9:20:48 AM] Mario Calderón: if not, let&#39;s go to item 2.- of the agenda: scheduling regular meetings again.\n[9:20:53 AM] Karsten Thiemann: we should publish the link to the buglist on the same wiki page\n[9:21:27 AM] Mario Calderón: youre right Karsten: let&#39;s enumerate things that have to be done\n[9:21:45 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that we can set am iframe with jira bug list\n[9:21:51 AM] Mario Calderón: 1.- roll out fix branch\n[9:21:54 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I not sure if is posible share public\n[9:21:58 AM] Mario Calderón: 2.- publish in the wiki (I can ask Mike)\n[9:22:20 AM] Mario Calderón: 3.- publish the jira bug list\n[9:23:22 AM] Mario Calderón: @Tobi: I guess you are in charge of rolling out don&#39;t you?\n[9:23:54 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: 4.- Public the call to Bug month, until End of May.\n[9:24:00 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: kind of, i guess :-)\n[9:24:24 AM] Mario Calderón: @Victor: yes\n[9:24:40 AM] Mario Calderón: Who creates the wiki page and who does copy the jira list to it?\n[9:24:44 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: one question: when opeing e.g. http://asds3.adempiere.de:8080/webui/\n[9:24:52 AM] Mario Calderón: I think the last format was very good\n[9:25:03 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: it sais &quot;Release 3.7.0LTS&quot; on the left side\n[9:25:34 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that is more easy set a iframe into wiki page to embedded in wiki\n[9:25:35 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: maybe we should change it to something like 3.7.1-RC, in the hotfix/3.7.1 branch\n[9:25:43 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I need research or ask to Mike\n[9:26:32 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: @Tobi where you want change\n[9:26:42 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: ?\n[9:27:11 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: i&#39;m not sure where the string is set. is in in Adempiere.java?\n[9:27:23 AM] Mario Calderón: @Tobi: so people don&#39;t get confused. I understand.\n[9:27:31 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: haaa in the distribution\n[9:27:32 AM] Mario Calderón: yes\n[9:27:47 AM] Mario Calderón: it can be easily changed\n[9:27:47 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: i mean, when we roll out hotfixes/3.7.1 people might be irritated when it still sais 370..\n[9:27:54 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: ah, good :-)\n[9:28:03 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I can make this setup the labels for 3.7.1 Release Candidate\n[9:28:12 AM] Mario Calderón: very good!\n[9:28:25 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: no is problem I stetup this today\n[9:28:29 AM] Mario Calderón: so, who would be in charge of Wiki and Jira list?\n[9:28:41 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Tobi tomorrow you can build the binary\n[9:29:25 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: We can called 3.7.1 Release Candidate previos to release in test period\n[9:29:40 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: when we finish then rename to 3.7.1\n[9:30:05 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: ok\n[9:30:23 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: i need to leave, too, in aprox 15 minutes\n[9:31:42 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I like that we can create a new team calles Tester Team\n[9:32:02 AM] Mario Calderón: bye Tobi\n[9:32:30 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: this new team should be voluntary, the idea is that new people can be integrate and recognized\n[9:32:41 AM] Mario Calderón: who will be in charge of wiki + inclusion of jira?\n[9:33:02 AM] Mario Calderón: I can create the wiki today or ask Mike to do it.\n[9:33:23 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: this the Tester Team will have your charge test that the TT and FT aproved\n[9:33:27 AM] Mario Calderón: but  I don&#39;t know how to create the BF jira list\n[9:33:50 AM] Mario Calderón: agree Victor. They (we) can sign in the wiki page\n[9:35:39 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I think if we formalize Tester charge, more people contribute to the testing so we will be recognizing their work\n[9:36:47 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: for example John Daison ask me How he can contribute the proyect , this can be a good way\n[9:36:53 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: to contribute\n[9:38:36 AM] Mario Calderón: @Victor: agree.\nNow: who does generate the jira list and copies or integrates it to the wiki page &quot;bug month&quot;?\n[9:39:28 AM] John Daison Agudelo S.: @Victor: I agree with Tester Team\n[9:40:11 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Mario we need not the copy the jira list into wiki\n[9:40:27 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that is more easy embedded the jira page into wiki\n[9:40:38 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: so we have not duplicate info and work\n[9:40:40 AM] Mario Calderón: great\n[9:40:46 AM] Mario Calderón: can you do it?\n[9:42:14 AM] Mario Calderón: I will create the wiki page -similar to the last one - and contact you for the link\n[9:42:36 AM] Mario Calderón: ok\n[9:43:25 AM] Mario Calderón: last item: to reschedule meetings\n[9:43:30 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: yes I would be but I am see that is necessary install some media wiki extension\n[9:43:50 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: who would make this in the server?\n[9:44:21 AM] Mario Calderón: we can ask Mike\n[9:45:38 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:Iframe\n[9:46:05 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: i&#39;m afk know, i will read the log. bye\n[9:46:12 AM] Mario Calderón: next item: next meeting\n[9:46:34 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that it is ideal\n[9:46:34 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:JiraBugReport\n[9:46:51 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: exist an extension to set the buglist report in wikimedia\n[9:47:17 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: or this\n[9:47:17 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:JiraIssueList\n[9:47:39 AM] Mario Calderón: looks good\n[9:48:15 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: ok the this subject solve, now only we need ask the wiki admin to install into the adempiere wiki server\n[9:48:28 AM] Mario Calderón: very good victor\n[9:48:35 AM] Mario Calderón: Mai 24th, at  15h GMT and evey two weeks?\n[9:50:57 AM] Karsten Thiemann: ok for me\n[9:51:03 AM] Mario Calderón: ok\n[9:51:08 AM] Mario Calderón: bye Karsten\n[9:51:26 AM] Mario Calderón: I think we are finished...\n[9:52:22 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: ok for me\n[9:53:32 AM] Mario Calderón: ok gentlemen.\n[9:53:47 AM] Mario Calderón: I thank you for your time.\n[9:53:55 AM] Karsten Thiemann: see you\n[9:54:00 AM] John Daison Agudelo S.: ok, good bye every one\n</code></pre><div class="line-numbers" aria-hidden="true"><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div></div></div>',10)],s={},t=(0,n(13860).Z)(s,[["render",function(e,i){return(0,a.wg)(),(0,a.iD)("div",null,r)}]])},71031:(e,i,n)=>{n.r(i),n.d(i,{data:()=>a});const a=JSON.parse('{"key":"v-1aa802ff","path":"/community/wiki/meetings/FT-2012/FT-20120510.html","title":"FT/TT meeting minutes May 10th 2012","lang":"en-US","frontmatter":{"title":"FT/TT meeting minutes May 10th 2012","category":["Community"],"star":9,"sticky":9,"tag":["Wiki","Meetings"],"article":false,"summary":"General Meeting - May 10th, 2012 General: Moderator: Mario Calderon; Participants: Mark Ostermann, Victor Perez, John Agudelo, Enrique Ruibal, Tobias Schönenberg, Karsten Thiemann,","head":[["meta",{"property":"og:url","content":"https://github.com/adempiere/adempiere-site.github.io/community/wiki/meetings/FT-2012/FT-20120510.html"}],["meta",{"property":"og:title","content":"FT/TT meeting minutes May 10th 2012"}],["meta",{"property":"og:type","content":"article"}],["meta",{"property":"og:updated_time","content":"2023-08-29T22:51:16.000Z"}],["meta",{"property":"og:locale","content":"en-US"}],["meta",{"property":"og:locale:alternate","content":"es-ES"}],["meta",{"property":"article:tag","content":"Wiki"}],["meta",{"property":"article:tag","content":"Meetings"}],["meta",{"property":"article:modified_time","content":"2023-08-29T22:51:16.000Z"}]]},"excerpt":"","headers":[{"level":2,"title":"General Meeting - May 10th, 2012","slug":"general-meeting-may-10th-2012","children":[]},{"level":2,"title":"Log","slug":"log","children":[]}],"git":{"createdTime":1693349476000,"updatedTime":1693349476000,"contributors":[{"name":"Jesús Albujas","email":"134967453+tecnicoerp@users.noreply.github.com","commits":1}]},"readingTime":{"minutes":14.64,"words":4391},"filePathRelative":"community/wiki/meetings/FT-2012/FT-20120510.md","localizedDate":"August 29, 2023"}')}}]);