"use strict";(self.webpackChunkblog=self.webpackChunkblog||[]).push([[6880],{62740:(e,i,n)=>{n.r(i),n.d(i,{default:()=>r});var t=n(68152);const a=[(0,t.IL)('<h2 id="minutes" tabindex="-1"><a class="header-anchor" href="#minutes" aria-hidden="true">#</a> Minutes</h2><p><strong>General</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Participants:</strong> Mario Calderon, Gabriel Vila, OSSAGHO, Steven Sackett, Eduardo Lopez, Victor Perez</li><li><strong>Date / Time:</strong> Tuesday, June 7th 2016 / 12:00h - 12:59h GMT</li><li><strong>The meeting closed after 90 minutes</strong></li></ul><p><strong>Agenda</strong></p><ol><li>Pending</li><li>Other Items</li><li>Latest comments POS Testing</li><li>Integration of Adaxa&#39;s FA and Fin Reports Improvements</li><li>Next meeting</li></ol><p><strong>Discussion</strong></p><ol><li><p><strong>Pending:</strong></p><ul><li>No specific details provided in the minutes.</li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Other Items:</strong></p><ul><li>No specific details provided in the minutes.</li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Latest comments POS Testing:</strong></p><ul><li>Discussion on the latest comments related to Point of Sale (POS) testing.</li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Next Meeting</strong></p><ul><li>Pending</li></ul></li></ol><h2 id="log" tabindex="-1"><a class="header-anchor" href="#log" aria-hidden="true">#</a> Log</h2><div class="language-text line-numbers-mode" data-ext="text"><pre class="language-text"><code>[07/06/2016 05:13:24 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Good morning everybody! !\n[07/06/2016 05:14:20 a. m.] OSSAGHO: Good Morning All Team Members..\n[07/06/2016 05:14:38 a. m.] Eduardo Lopez: Good morning\n[07/06/2016 05:22:39 a. m.] Steven _: Hi\n[07/06/2016 05:25:08 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Has anybody been able to thes the new POS?\n[07/06/2016 05:25:33 a. m.] OSSAGHO: yes, I had tried\n[07/06/2016 05:25:53 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: Good morning\n[07/06/2016 05:26:32 a. m.] Steven _: i did some &#39;unstructured&#39; testing but did not record things we discovered\n[07/06/2016 05:26:49 a. m.] Mario Calderón: and have you found anything? If there is need for information, we can answer them in the chats. If there are errors, create an issue.\n[07/06/2016 05:28:39 a. m.] Steven _: it did become clear that we had 3 situations ... keyboard and no touch screen, touchscreen monitor needing the adempiere on-screen keyboard and number pad ... and third ..using a touchscreen tablet (with no adempiere onscreen keybard/number pad\n[07/06/2016 05:29:12 a. m.] Steven _: Mario, what situation should we be testing first?\n[07/06/2016 05:29:19 a. m.] Mario Calderón: I remember you told me about it\n[07/06/2016 05:29:40 a. m.] Mario Calderón: besides the ones you mentioned?\n[07/06/2016 05:29:51 a. m.] Mario Calderón: or functionality altogether?\n[07/06/2016 05:30:47 a. m.] Steven _: we were still only starting to understnd it ... have to go back to it.\n[07/06/2016 05:31:43 a. m.] Steven _: perhaps you could help with a document about how to configure printing?\n[07/06/2016 05:32:25 a. m.] Mario Calderón: we&#39;re at it, but have docs only in Spanish :$\n[07/06/2016 05:34:19 a. m.] Yamel Senih: Morning\n[07/06/2016 05:34:28 a. m.] Steven _: its a bit hard to see the whole process without printing ... my brain does not cope!\n[07/06/2016 05:35:34 a. m.] Mario Calderón: yes...\n[07/06/2016 05:35:50 a. m.] Mario Calderón: I hope we move on with the documentation\n[07/06/2016 05:35:51 a. m.] Mario Calderón: I&#39;d test the following way:\n1.- test the POS with a complete payment and one tender type\n2.- test the POS with a complete payment and several tender types\n3.- change the document type to Standad Order\n3a.- Complete the Standard Order\n3b.- Do pre payments to this order\n3c.- Create an Invlice to this Order\n4.- Create an Order and Change the document type to On credit\n4a.- Complete the Order\n4b.- Do partial Payments to this order\n5.- Change the Business Partner and do the same tests\n[07/06/2016 05:36:46 a. m.] Steven _: .... touchscreen or keyboard?\n[07/06/2016 05:37:35 a. m.] Steven _: and with a particular sized monitor for preference?\n[07/06/2016 05:37:35 a. m.] Mario Calderón: either way should work\n[07/06/2016 05:38:05 a. m.] Mario Calderón: at the beginning with whatever works, while we are addressing the issues\n[07/06/2016 05:39:13 a. m.] OSSAGHO: We had listed all the products straight way, here it must shows categories then products,\nI had tested other POS applications also\n[07/06/2016 05:40:28 a. m.] Mario Calderón: @Steven: could you or somebody guide me how to integrate both points of Adaxa to be integrated in 381? Those were the FA improvements and the Fin Reports\n[07/06/2016 05:42:07 a. m.] Steven _: the FA improvements are not consistent with what was added in 380 and which Armen has provided improvements to for 390\n[07/06/2016 05:44:24 a. m.] Steven _: i suggest you pick up what Armen has done ... then we need multiple people to review what adaxa has done to see if it is worth further consideration. to simplify that review it would probably be easier just to access an adxatest system or to install a copy of your own.\n[07/06/2016 05:45:18 a. m.] Mario Calderón: this is my question Steven. I wouldn&#39;t know wht I have to take... There are too many classes involved\n[07/06/2016 05:45:38 a. m.] Steven _: for the Fin Reports I am not sure the best way forward .. the code is provided already but not in a way you can just pull in ... we are looking at how to improve this\n[07/06/2016 05:45:53 a. m.] Mario Calderón: best would be if somebody would vreate a &quot;pull request&quot; or a branch with just the cjhanges\n[07/06/2016 05:46:25 a. m.] Steven _: as we do not use git we are not able to easily set that up\n[07/06/2016 05:46:36 a. m.] Mario Calderón: otherwise it would be very difficult to know which are the classes to integrate ...;(\n[07/06/2016 05:47:01 a. m.] Mario Calderón: is this a git vs. mercurial issue?\n[07/06/2016 05:47:17 a. m.] Mario Calderón: as far as I know, they are similar\n[07/06/2016 05:47:33 a. m.] Steven _: i am afraid i am outside my area of knowledge\n[07/06/2016 05:47:38 a. m.] Mario Calderón: perhaps there is a way they communicat with each other?\n[07/06/2016 05:48:55 a. m.] Mario Calderón: but you understand my wish? To get the classes needed to integrate them into the Adempiere trunk.\n[07/06/2016 05:49:26 a. m.] Steven _: when i look here https://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/contribution-adaxa/ci/adaxa/tree/\n[07/06/2016 05:49:31 a. m.] Mario Calderón: there should be a deterministic path\n[07/06/2016 05:49:46 a. m.] Steven _: i can see two items that say they are fin report changes\n[07/06/2016 05:49:49 a. m.] Mario Calderón: so we would do the same with other Adaxa improvements\n[07/06/2016 05:50:26 a. m.] Mario Calderón: looking...\n[07/06/2016 05:50:33 a. m.] Steven _: this one https://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/contribution-adaxa/ci/3700d45511491316ea7244c42c1cfa591ba2b496/\n[07/06/2016 05:50:37 a. m.] Steven _: and\n[07/06/2016 05:50:59 a. m.] Steven _: https://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/contribution-adaxa/ci/3700d45511491316ea7244c42c1cfa591ba2b496/\n[07/06/2016 05:51:30 a. m.] Steven _: i assume these show the changes to the standard code?\n[07/06/2016 05:52:10 a. m.] Steven _: and this one https://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/contribution-adaxa/ci/eef2d0e08680f8e5a5c47c502ba54a185ed116ff/\n[07/06/2016 05:52:48 a. m.] Steven _: was the quick-add version of thw window that could be used to speed up data entry in any window\n[07/06/2016 05:53:44 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Finantial reports: if these are the ONLY changes, it would be easy to test and integrate. Same with the others.\nNow the task would be to know how to get these changes not manually into Adempiere trunk...\n[07/06/2016 05:55:01 a. m.] Steven _: ... and thats where i have no skills\n[07/06/2016 05:55:09 a. m.] Mario Calderón: we will check here from our side. Perhaps @Trifon can say something about it, because he worked also long with SF. @Steven:could you ask Paul or Jacken if they know a quick way?\n[07/06/2016 05:55:41 a. m.] Mario Calderón: or Victor an Yamel or the others?\n[07/06/2016 05:55:57 a. m.] Steven _: i did .. and they said no quick way .. we would just have to do the work\n[07/06/2016 05:56:23 a. m.] Mario Calderón: ok... The most importan thing is to know the classes involved\n[07/06/2016 05:56:32 a. m.] Mario Calderón: the rest is mechanics\n[07/06/2016 05:56:45 a. m.] Steven _: but we apply the changes and it works so i do not understand the issues\n[07/06/2016 05:58:30 a. m.] Victor Perez: Hi\n[07/06/2016 05:58:36 a. m.] Mario Calderón: it is the following: the funcionality is implemented by changing several classes. If you miss one, it fails. You do not implement the functionality with just one commit (what you showed) but with several commits, depending on bugs, improvementes etc. So we need to know all classes involved in all commits\n[07/06/2016 05:58:48 a. m.] Mario Calderón: if we miss one, the funcionaliy fails\n[07/06/2016 05:58:53 a. m.] Victor Perez: Intégrate any improve is easy\n[07/06/2016 05:59:12 a. m.] Victor Perez: Only need create a girhub fork\n[07/06/2016 05:59:27 a. m.] Victor Perez: Make here of changes\n[07/06/2016 06:00:19 a. m.] Victor Perez: When are ready then send of pull request\n[07/06/2016 06:00:47 a. m.] Mario Calderón: @Victor: this is exactly what Adaxa doesn&#39;t want to do. I suppose they do not want to move to git. So we have somehow to get this &quot;pull request&quot; manually....\n[07/06/2016 06:01:10 a. m.] Mario Calderón: right Steven?\n[07/06/2016 06:01:47 a. m.] Steven _: we see no benefit in moving to git for our stuff\n[07/06/2016 06:02:23 a. m. | Edited 06:02:41 a. m.] Mario Calderón: .. so we have to imagine some mechanics to get the classes in order to integrate functionality\n[07/06/2016 06:02:44 a. m.] Yamel Senih: Hi,\n[07/06/2016 06:03:01 a. m.] Mario Calderón: I can do the job if I know the classes\n[07/06/2016 06:03:15 a. m.] Mario Calderón: but we have to know ALL the classes needed\n[07/06/2016 06:03:20 a. m.] Victor Perez: https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/\n[07/06/2016 06:03:49 a. m.] Victor Perez: Here a lot of info to get of skill\n[07/06/2016 06:05:28 a. m.] Steven _: &quot;I can do the job if I know the classes&quot; i will try to get this info tomorrow\n[07/06/2016 06:05:56 a. m.] Mario Calderón: great! This I wanted to ask... :D\n[07/06/2016 06:06:13 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Knowing them, we would see to integrate and test!!\n[07/06/2016 06:07:18 a. m.] Steven _: ok.. have to go ... bye\n[07/06/2016 06:08:27 a. m.] Mario Calderón: god night Steven and thanks\n[07/06/2016 06:37:04 a. m.] Mario Calderón: so if nothing else, goo day everybody!!!\n[07/06/2016 06:37:48 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: good bye all\n</code></pre><div class="line-numbers" aria-hidden="true"><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div></div></div>',9)],s={},r=(0,n(42272).c)(s,[["render",function(e,i){return(0,t.Wz)(),(0,t.An)("div",null,a)}]])},49784:(e,i,n)=>{n.r(i),n.d(i,{data:()=>t});const t=JSON.parse('{"key":"v-3d022dee","path":"/community/wiki/meetings/FT-2016/FT-20160607.html","title":"FT/TT meeting minutes June 7th 2016","lang":"en-US","frontmatter":{"title":"FT/TT meeting minutes June 7th 2016","category":"Community","star":9,"sticky":9,"tag":["Wiki","Meetings"],"article":false,"description":"Minutes General Participants: Mario Calderon, Gabriel Vila, OSSAGHO, Steven Sackett, Eduardo Lopez, Victor Perez Date / Time: Tuesday, June 7th 2016 / 12:00h - 12:59h GMT The meeting closed after 90 minutes","head":[["meta",{"property":"og:url","content":"https://github.com/adempiere/adempiere-site.github.io/community/wiki/meetings/FT-2016/FT-20160607.html"}],["meta",{"property":"og:title","content":"FT/TT meeting minutes June 7th 2016"}],["meta",{"property":"og:description","content":"Minutes General Participants: Mario Calderon, Gabriel Vila, OSSAGHO, Steven Sackett, Eduardo Lopez, Victor Perez Date / Time: Tuesday, June 7th 2016 / 12:00h - 12:59h GMT The meeting closed after 90 minutes"}],["meta",{"property":"og:type","content":"website"}],["meta",{"property":"og:locale","content":"en-US"}],["meta",{"property":"og:updated_time","content":"2023-08-29T22:51:16.000Z"}],["meta",{"property":"article:author","content":"ADempiere"}],["meta",{"property":"article:tag","content":"Wiki"}],["meta",{"property":"article:tag","content":"Meetings"}],["meta",{"property":"article:modified_time","content":"2023-08-29T22:51:16.000Z"}],["script",{"type":"application/ld+json"},"{\\"@context\\":\\"https://schema.org\\",\\"@type\\":\\"WebPage\\",\\"name\\":\\"FT/TT meeting minutes June 7th 2016\\",\\"description\\":\\"Minutes General Participants: Mario Calderon, Gabriel Vila, OSSAGHO, Steven Sackett, Eduardo Lopez, Victor Perez Date / Time: Tuesday, June 7th 2016 / 12:00h - 12:59h GMT The meeting closed after 90 minutes\\"}"],["link",{"rel":"alternate","type":"application/atom+xml","href":"https://github.com/adempiere/adempiere-site.github.io/atom.xml","title":" Atom Feed"}],["link",{"rel":"alternate","type":"application/json","href":"https://github.com/adempiere/adempiere-site.github.io/feed.json","title":" JSON Feed"}],["link",{"rel":"alternate","type":"application/rss+xml","href":"https://github.com/adempiere/adempiere-site.github.io/rss.xml","title":" RSS Feed"}]]},"headers":[{"level":2,"title":"Minutes","slug":"minutes","link":"#minutes","children":[]},{"level":2,"title":"Log","slug":"log","link":"#log","children":[]}],"git":{"createdTime":1693349476000,"updatedTime":1693349476000,"contributors":[{"name":"Jesús Albujas","email":"134967453+tecnicoerp@users.noreply.github.com","commits":1}]},"readingTime":{"minutes":6.03,"words":1808},"filePathRelative":"community/wiki/meetings/FT-2016/FT-20160607.md","localizedDate":"August 29, 2023","excerpt":"<h2> Minutes</h2>\\n<p><strong>General</strong></p>\\n<ul>\\n<li><strong>Participants:</strong> Mario Calderon, Gabriel Vila, OSSAGHO, Steven Sackett, Eduardo Lopez, Victor Perez</li>\\n<li><strong>Date / Time:</strong> Tuesday, June 7th 2016 / 12:00h - 12:59h GMT</li>\\n<li><strong>The meeting closed after 90 minutes</strong></li>\\n</ul>","autoDesc":true}')}}]);