"use strict";(self.webpackChunkblog=self.webpackChunkblog||[]).push([[205],{4402:(e,i,n)=>{n.r(i),n.d(i,{default:()=>t});var a=n(78e3);const r=[(0,a.uE)('<h1 id="meeting-minutes" tabindex="-1"><a class="header-anchor" href="#meeting-minutes" aria-hidden="true">#</a> Meeting Minutes</h1><p><strong>General</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Secretary:</strong> Mario Calderon</li><li><strong>Participants:</strong> Pradeep Lavania, Suman Ravuri, Victor Perez, Mario Calderón, Tobias Schöneberg, Enrique Ruibal, Trifon Trifonov, Karsten Thiemann, Teo Sarca</li><li><strong>Date/ Time:</strong> June 17th, 2013 / 12:00 PM - 2:00 PM GMT</li></ul><p><strong>Agenda</strong></p><ol><li>Reviews done (analysis of contributions)</li><li>Miscellaneous</li><li>Steps to be taken</li><li>Next meeting</li></ol><p><strong>Discussion</strong></p><ol><li><p>Reviews done (analysis of contributions):</p><ul><li>Mark Ostermann started reviewing manufacturing light and is waiting for installation in the environment.</li><li>Karsten Thiemann reviewed the new dunning functionality which is compatible with the old dunning.</li><li>Tobi did a technical review of &quot;Sales Management&quot; and is sorting out features for documentation.</li><li>Teo is working on Meta&#39;s best practices and XML migration stabilization.</li><li>Mario has conducted various reviews and provided results.</li></ul></li><li><p>Miscellaneous:</p><ul><li>Discussion about the methodology to be used for analyzing contributions.</li><li>Participants will work offline on the wiki pages for Functional Team (FT) and Technical Team (TT) analysis.</li><li>Victor is exploring alternatives to wiki pages for better collaboration.</li><li>Procedure for handling author erasure is discussed and agreed upon.</li><li>Brazil localization and MSProject integration proposals are under consideration.</li><li>Improvement suggestions for feature requests documentation and bug triaging are adopted.</li><li>Showroom for contributions is organized by Victor.</li><li>Support for Java 7 and Smart Browser reviews are done by Mario.</li><li>Need for test environments for contributions highlighted.</li></ul></li><li><p>Steps to be taken:</p><ul><li>Official release still targeted for October 14th.</li><li>Realistic release date to be determined by July 31st.</li><li>Access to test environments required from main contributors.</li><li>Developer access granted to Suman/Walking Tree.</li><li>New 3.8 branch to be created with latest patches.</li><li>Functional Team to finish testing by June 29.</li><li>Technical Team to test and include contributions in 3.8 branch.</li><li>Suman to learn about development process and solve technical matters.</li></ul></li><li><p>Next meeting:</p><ul><li>Monday, June 24th, 12:00 GMT.</li></ul></li></ol><p><strong>Action Items</strong></p><ul><li>Developer access for Suman (Mario)</li><li>Jira access for Suman (Victor)</li><li>Access to test environments for main contributors (ASAP)</li><li>3.8 branch creation and patch inclusion (Suman/WT)</li><li>Finish Functional Team testing by June 29</li><li>Technical Team testing after FT finishes</li></ul><h2 id="log" tabindex="-1"><a class="header-anchor" href="#log" aria-hidden="true">#</a> Log</h2><p>Following is the meeting log</p><div class="language-text ext-text line-numbers-mode"><pre class="language-text"><code>Monday, 17 June 2013\n[06:05:19] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): Hi, do we have a meeting now?\n[06:05:23] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): (FT/TT)\n[06:05:30] Mario Calderón: hi\n[06:05:53] Mario Calderón: I was about to invite\n[06:06:11] Mario Calderón: yes, there is a meeting now\n[06:06:30] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): ok :-)\n[06:07:00] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): i&#39;m asking because we at metas have another meeting in one hort (15:00 of our time, now it&#39;s 14:07)\n[06:07:11] Mario Calderón: I write what Mark told me: &quot;… i cannot participate in FT/ TT Meeting today due to another meeting that i have.\n\nStatus review: I started reviewing manufacturing light, waiting now for an installed version in our environment. this will happen this week.\n\n\n\nStatus review metas new dunning. i have done a presentation for karsten thiemann, so that he was able to proceed with this review.&quot;\n[06:07:22] Mario Calderón: well\n[06:07:47] Mario Calderón: so for you it&#39;s better to start now\n[06:07:58] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): i can paste Karsten&#39;s comments from the TT skype-group if you want\n[06:08:10] Mario Calderón: tes please\n[06:08:16] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [11:38:04] Karsten Thiemann: Hi, I&#39;m sorry but I can&#39;t attend todays meeting.\n\nSo here are my results regarding the new dunning functionality:\n\nResult of analysis:\n\n-  It should be included in next release\n\n-  The new dunning funcitionality is fully compatible with the existing old dunning. It reuses existing tables/functionality like C_Dunning and C_DunningLevel. The main problem with the existing dunning functionality is that it doesn&#39;t use the standard ADempiere document pattern. After the creation of a dunning run you can print the dunning run entries but you don&#39;t have them as documents in the system. The new dunning functionality replaces the dunning run window with a process to find dunning canditates (overdue invoices). The user can edit this canditates, for example by giving a dunning grace and create dunning documents in a second step. This is independant from the old existing dunning run functionality so you can choose to stick with the old dunning or use the new functionality instead. The created dunning documents can be printed/emailed as a batch or individualy. In a longer perspective we should think about disabeling the old dunning, in a first step (next) release we can have both dunning \nmechanisms in parallel.\n\n-  Process gear in window is needed for the new dunning (http://www.adempiere.com/Process_Gear_in_Window)\n\n- End user documentation is still missing (work in progress, Mark promised to finish it..)\n\n\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; \n[06:09:54] Mario Calderón: thanks Tobi\n[06:09:59] Mario Calderón: \n\nI&#39;d suggest we start in 5 minutes, with whoever is present\n[06:10:27] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): agree\n[06:13:58] suman ravuri: Hi\n[06:14:14] Mario Calderón: hi Suman\n[06:14:37] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): hi\n[06:14:49] Trifon Trifonov: hi everyone\n[06:15:48] Mario Calderón: anybody else?\n[06:15:55] Mario Calderón: hi Trifon!\n[06:16:29] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): mark can&#39;t attend, he just had to leave the office for an external appointment\n[06:16:34] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): hi trifon\n[06:16:36] Victor Perez Juarez: Hi\n[06:16:37] Mario Calderón: then let&#39;s start!\n[06:17:16] Teodor Sarca: hi all\n[06:17:26] Mario Calderón: Agenda: \n\n1.- Reviews done\n\n2.- what to do next\n[06:17:35] Mario Calderón: any other agenda items?\n[06:18:09] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): maybe a question: whom should be nag about repository developer access?\n[06:18:21] Mario Calderón: CC team\n[06:18:24] Mario Calderón: Norbert\n[06:18:31] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): ok, thx\n[06:18:56] Mario Calderón: as we agreed, all must be documented in http://www.adempiere.com/Release_380LTS\n[06:19:35] Mario Calderón: I put here what Mark tolde me: \n\n&quot;… i cannot participate in FT/ TT Meeting today due to another meeting that i have.\n\nStatus review: I started reviewing manufacturing light, waiting now for an installed version in our environment. this will happen this week.\n\n\n\nStatus review metas new dunning. i have done a presentation for karsten thiemann, so that he was able to proceed with this review.&quot;\n[06:20:06] Mario Calderón: Tobi copied Karten&#39;s results\n[06:20:42] Mario Calderón: has anybody else results?\n[06:20:53] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): i did a technical review regarding &quot;Sales Management&quot;: http://www.adempiere.com/Sales_Management_%28CRM%29#Preliminary_review_notes\n[06:21:02] Mario Calderón: ok...\n[06:21:47] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): we discussed the results at friday&#39;s TT meeting. imho there aren&#39;t any roadblocks, it&#39;s just that there are more features included than just the one from the wiki page title..\n[06:22:24] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): and i&#39;m going try and sort out which is which and make sure they are all documented technically and functionally\n[06:22:56] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): but as i said, i don&#39;t see real problems from the technical perspective :-)\n[06:23:04] Mario Calderón: thanks Tobi\n[06:23:12] Mario Calderón: any other testings?\n[06:23:38] Victor Perez Juarez: It for sales management\n[06:23:50] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): hi Victor\n[06:24:10] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): (sorry, didn&#39;t see you above :-) )\n[06:24:25] Victor Perez Juarez: The release manager have some task\n[06:24:33] Victor Perez Juarez: Hi Tobías\n[06:25:59] Teodor Sarca: hi guys, so far i am working on metas best practices, which will port our core classes to adempiere (Interface wrappers, trx improvements, Query improvements and fixes, basic data structure helpers like iterators, comparators etc).\n[06:26:00] Victor Perez Juarez: I like have a env to test the metas contribution\n[06:26:49] Teodor Sarca: next thing will be XML migration stabilization, ID converter.... and after that we will be ready to integrate functional modules\n[06:27:03] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [14:26:42] Victor Perez Juarez: I like have a env to test the metas contribution\n\n\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; hm..it would be our duty to provide it, correct?\n[06:27:10] Pradeep Lavania: Tobi, it is great that you have the &quot;Sales Management&quot; reviewed and Okayed from technical perspective. Can we assume that it is finalized from the code side and we can pull out and start testing it from a Release Manager&#39;s perspective ?\n[06:27:22] Mario Calderón: I&#39;ve done the following:\n\nhttp://www.adempiere.com/Forecast_Management#Result_of_review_by_Mario_Calderon.2C_June_16th.2C_2013\n\nhttp://www.adempiere.com/MRP_Supply_and_Demand_Pegging#Result_of_review_by_Mario_Calderon.2C_June_15th.2C_2013\n\nhttp://www.adempiere.com/MRP_Browse_for_demand_and_supplies#Result_of_review_by_Mario_Calderon.2C_June_14th.2C_2013\n\nhttp://www.adempiere.com/Import_Bill_of_Material#Result_of_review_by_Mario_Calderon.2C_June_14th.2C_2013\n\nhttp://www.adempiere.com/Import_Bill_of_Material#Result_of_review_by_Mario_Calderon.2C_June_14th.2C_2013\n\nhttp://www.adempiere.com/Import_Workflow#Result_of_review_by_Mario_Calderon.2C_June_15th.2C_2013\n\nhttp://www.adempiere.com/Import_Product_Attributes_Instances#Result_of_review_by_Mario_Calderon.2C_June_14th.2C_2013\n\nhttp://www.adempiere.com/Support_Java_7#Result_of_review_by_Mario_Calderon.2C_June_15th.2C_2013\n\nhttp://www.adempiere.com/Smart_Browser#Result_of_review_by_Mario_Calderon.2C_June_14th.2C_2013\n[06:28:16] Mario Calderón: and just finished Adaxa&#39;s migration\n[06:28:47] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [14:27:52] Pradeep Lavania: Tobi, it is great that you have the &quot;Sales Management&quot; reviewed and Okayed from technical perspective. Can we assume that it is finalized from the code side and we can pull out and start testing it from a Release Manager&#39;s perspective ?\n\n\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; sorry, from my perspective there are still things todo. i just think that they are not severe and can be done rather quickly (adding javadoc/license headers, chechning EntityType, providing documentation for additionally included features)\n[06:30:16] Pradeep Lavania: So Tobi, who is the owner of those items in your perspective ?\n[06:30:21] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [14:28:04] Mario Calderón: I&#39;ve done the following:\n\n\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; just briefly checed the first two links: looks like overviews of what they do: did you have a change to test then on a running system?\n[06:31:17] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [14:30:58] Pradeep Lavania: So Tobi, who is the owner of those items in your perspective ?\n\n\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; generally the contributor, i.e. adaxa . i was going to contact them, but already over-exhausted my time budget for last week..\n\nso i&#39;m going to contact them this week.\n[06:31:28] Mario Calderón: @Tobi: I downloaded the sources and tested the functionilty on them\n[06:32:36] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): ok. maybe generally we should add a resume (such as &quot;thumps up&quot;) to the start of the review section..\n[06:32:47] Mario Calderón: OK\n[06:33:50] Mario Calderón: the functions/contribs I tested are from my point of view functionally OK\n\nI will put my &quot;thumbs up&quot; there.\n\nSo should do everyone who reviews\n[06:34:08] Pradeep Lavania: Thanks for the feedback Mario\n[06:34:21] Pradeep Lavania: Suman, this should be helpful for us to get our testing in place...\n[06:34:45] Pradeep Lavania: Mario, do you have any documented test scenarios ? this might be helpful for us to save some effort on documentation...\n[06:34:56] Mario Calderón: we need badly test environments for eEvolution, Metas and Walking Trees contributions\n[06:35:07] Mario Calderón: so not only &quot;nerds&quot; can test\n[06:36:02] Pradeep Lavania: My idea is : Once the TT and FT team gives a go ahead, WTC would set up and expose an environment for ALL to test. The same environment will be used by WTC Release Team to do its own testing\n[06:37:05] Mario Calderón: @Pradeep: I would agree on that\n[06:38:10] Victor Perez Juarez: I am wait for Paul server, So I hope that he have ready this week to mount the e-Evolution&#39;s contributions\n[06:38:35] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [14:36:43] Pradeep Lavania: My idea is : Once the TT and FT team gives a go ahead, WTC would set up and expose an environment for ALL to test. The same environment will be used by WTC Release Team to do its own testing\n\n\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; that would be nice, but are you aware that there are already two nighlty-build instance (on two ADeV-servers, one psotgresql, one oracle)?\n[06:38:46] Pradeep Lavania: Having own instance from Each Contributor might surely be an added value and great to have.\n[06:39:40] Enrique Ruibal: @Mario I sent an email through the FT list with a contribution from a customer willing to lend us a small server we can use for some testing\n[06:40:44] Mario Calderón: yes great\n[06:40:46] Victor Perez Juarez: @Pradeep , the idea to have a contribution instance si because functionals consultants have a way to test\n[06:41:18] Mario Calderón: @Pradeep: what about having ONE instance with ALL possible contributions?\n[06:41:25] Victor Perez Juarez: becasue now only your comments only can be based on doumentation or tericals\n[06:41:26] Enrique Ruibal: @Mario,Victor this server can be used for implementing eevolutions contributinos for testing\n[06:41:34] Mario Calderón: so we all test on one site only?\n[06:42:29] Mario Calderón: Steven Sackett offered to publish its contributions and tell us the url/port\n[06:42:59] Victor Perez Juarez: @Enrique , thank your email about the server , Paul Aviles offered a server , So I think that he should have today or tomorrow\n[06:44:27] Enrique Ruibal: @Victor that is great, I would like to have the server&#39;s address so that I can start revewing\n[06:45:16] Pradeep Lavania: @Mario, The contributions can be tested by the contributors, by the TT/FT team, other reviewers and finally they have to be Tested by WTC team. Now, contributors can have an instance which can be used by others, or TT/FT reviewers can have their own set up to review/test and provdie feedback. Its all fine till the time it works for them. My point it, WTC would anyways set up an instance with the targeted feature(s) and keep a track of the code versions that are being built, so that we know what we are going to finally release. Now, if there is an interest in the individuals/group to leverage that instance to do a round of testing, it is very well welcome\n[06:45:19] Pradeep Lavania: hope it makes sense\n[06:46:18] Pradeep Lavania: From a handware/infrastructure perspective, WTC can use one of its own or may be even utilize some other, if somebody is ready to offer infrastructure with requierd support\n[06:47:18] Victor Perez Juarez: other hand , I create he an comunnity to have any discusion about the contributions, this way all can document and have a log of conversations or discussions\n[06:47:19] Victor Perez Juarez: https://plus.google.com/u/0/communities/110713407957718667084\n[06:49:00] suman ravuri: [6:04:51 PM] Pradeep Lavania: Thanks for the feedback Mario\n\nSuman, this should be helpful for us to get our testing in place...\n\nMario, do you have any documented test scenarios ? this might be helpful for us to save some effort on documentation...\n\n\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; With this feedback can I assume the feature mentioned bu mario are approved from FT end?\n[06:49:02] Victor Perez Juarez: @Pradeep, agree , is great\n[06:49:51] Pradeep Lavania: @Suman, there are some documentation pending as Tobi mentioned. I would like to have a formal FT approval before we considered it approved. Would recommend to wait for Tobi to get the final feedback\n[06:50:00] Victor Perez Juarez: So the idea is that when the FT and TT release a contribution then WTC can integrate it in nigtly build with the last contributions\n[06:50:17] Pradeep Lavania: @victor, correct\n[06:50:59] suman ravuri: [6:20:34 PM] Pradeep Lavania: @Suman, there are some documentation pending as Tobi mentioned. I would like to have a formal FT approval before we considered it approved. Would recommend to wait for Tobi to get the final feedback\n\n\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; any spefiic timeline around this?\n[06:52:23] Enrique Ruibal: @at All in previous meetings I proposed to include the asset maintainance module contributed by Ramiro, is it possible to include this inr R3.8? how cand this be done?\n[06:52:41] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [14:51:41] suman ravuri: any spefiic timeline around this?\n\n\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; i depends on how much time adaxa will be able to devote to this topic :-)\n[06:53:37] suman ravuri: @Enrique, you can add entry in http://www.adempiere.com/Release_380LTS\n[06:53:37] Mario Calderón: @Enrique: I worked with it, and had to add too much.\n\nIf this is changed, it can be used; the actual version is not I believe.\n\nI could work with Ramiro so that it happens\n[06:54:05] suman ravuri: then it will get reviewed and feedback will be given\n[06:54:17] Enrique Ruibal: @Mario, I undersand thought it was ready for production\n[06:54:40] Mario Calderón: well, it worked, but it missed lot of functionality\n[06:55:09] Mario Calderón: I added it, and now I have a customer with 4000+ assets\n[06:55:30] suman ravuri: [6:23:24 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: any spefiic timeline around this?i depends on how much time adaxa will be able to devote to this topic :)\n\n\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; can we set timeline and if contirbutor is not able to meet then we can look for other options as well? First we request contributor to complete with in timeline?\n[06:55:31] Mario Calderón: can you add it?\n\nI will put my review there\n[06:55:49] Mario Calderón: ok people\n[06:56:05] Mario Calderón: now we know what&#39;s been done by now\n[06:56:29] Mario Calderón: and what&#39;s missing to review\n[06:57:26] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): @Suman: sure. can you suggest a deadline? and which other options do you have in mind?\n[06:57:46] Victor Perez Juarez: abot the testing , I not sure but the consultants would save the testing script using Sahi, tis way the testing can be documented, could be executed on the server WTC\n[07:00:34] suman ravuri: For this specific feature as there are not many comments we can expect it be done in 2 days time i.e. 19th\n[07:00:59] suman ravuri: we can give one day grace period\n[07:01:13] suman ravuri: if not we can ask community or reviewer\n[07:01:34] suman ravuri: if nothing works then release manager will incorporate these changes\n[07:02:15] suman ravuri: as release manager going to code merge and test, so making minor changes in code would be fine\n[07:03:54] suman ravuri: On holistic appraoch, we decide date for 3.8 release first and then derive rest of the dates from there.\\\n[07:04:05] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): i *hope* that i&#39;ll be able write a mail to adaxa *ask* them..i seriously doubt they will have the time to do this untlil 19th...\n[07:04:42] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): i also think it can be done in two days, but i certainly don&#39;T have two days en-bloc\n[07:05:55] Mario Calderón: ok\n[07:06:12] Mario Calderón: @all: any concrete steps?\n[07:06:22] Mario Calderón: concrete suggestions, so we vote, please\n[07:06:50] suman ravuri: I propose 3.8 relase date to July 31st 2013\n[07:08:05] suman ravuri: Can we go voting on this?\n[07:08:09] suman ravuri: for\n[07:08:47] Victor Perez Juarez: I need know, I should include the Libero as core fuctionality , becasue before it was as an extension , but I have and other a lot the issues to define a line\n[07:08:48] Pradeep Lavania: +1\n[07:09:16] Victor Perez Juarez: So I like that libero mfg and libero hr can be part of core\n[07:09:22] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): at a recent meeting, we decided to have oct 14th as release data.\n\nhttp://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_June_10th_2013\n[07:10:03] Victor Perez Juarez: it can make more easy the integration, so if you agree I can hel to Suman to integrate this in development\n[07:10:16] suman ravuri: @Victor let us vote\n[07:10:26] suman ravuri: then we discuss these features\n[07:10:42] suman ravuri: @Tobi , it looks pretty relaxed timeline to me\n[07:11:48] Victor Perez Juarez: +1 3.8 relase date to July 31st 2013, if you think that it is posible\n[07:12:34] Enrique Ruibal: @all usuallly development procedure suggest release candidates like rc1, rc2 until final release\n[07:13:01] Mario Calderón: release date: it was decided that it was October 14th, due to tests and stabilization.\n\nIf it is ealier possible, then it is OK\n[07:13:42] Mario Calderón: if we manage to get it at 31.07, the better\n[07:14:02] suman ravuri: ok\n[07:14:36] Mario Calderón: we must include more people to test\n[07:14:41] Pradeep Lavania: We can put the date as 31st July for now...and have a check point to evaluate risk in the first week of July....in case we see any\n[07:14:43] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): just wondering, is there any particular reason for  july 31st?\n[07:15:42] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): up til now, i think we lag a bit behind regarding TT reviews..\n[07:16:17] suman ravuri: There is no scentific approach behind it, but we had release 18 months back, so just want to release some thing ing as early as possible\n[07:16:48] Mario Calderón: ok\n[07:17:40] Mario Calderón: so can we say: official date is October 14th, but we make efforts to release it earlier?\n[07:18:18] Victor Perez Juarez: I think we should wait to\n[07:18:22] Victor Perez Juarez: &gt;&gt; We can put the date as 31st July for now...and have a check point to evaluate risk in the first week of July....in case we see any\n[07:18:36] Victor Perez Juarez: this can give a date more real\n[07:18:40] Enrique Ruibal: I think it is worth raising expectaions of a new release that attracts interested people\n[07:19:10] Enrique Ruibal: so from the &quot;marketing&quot; perspective a final release of oct 14 is more appealing than july 31st\n[07:19:48] Enrique Ruibal: of oct14th is too far then why not set it for sep 30th\n[07:20:06] Enrique Ruibal: or sep XX\n[07:20:25] Mario Calderón: Pradeep?\n[07:20:58] Mario Calderón: I think that for the Release Manager, the sooner, the better\n[07:21:13] Victor Perez Juarez: othe other hand is ncessary include all patche to 371 and all other patches that Trifon have in SVN\n[07:21:32] Victor Perez Juarez: So the release manage can staring with this from now\n[07:21:40] Pradeep Lavania: I would still say....lets shoot for July 31st....and when we know the reasons why we cannot meet that date ( by first week of July )....we see how we can fix thoe reasons ...and come up with the &quot;concrete&quot; release date\n[07:22:27] Victor Perez Juarez: this patch apply for 360 , 370\n[07:22:43] Mario Calderón: so july 31st we have a shoot and then we set up the concrete date?\n[07:23:11] Pradeep Lavania: @mario....or may be just drop a release on july 31st :)\n[07:23:22] Mario Calderón: understand +1 from me\n[07:24:01] Victor Perez Juarez: My sugesstion is that WTC shoud give a real date after they can check point to evaluate risk\n[07:24:42] Mario Calderón: we have a suggestion by Victor: to create the Release 380, ad start including patches to 371 and by Trifon\n[07:24:45] suman ravuri: @Victor, we need the list of patches to start them integrated\n[07:24:58] suman ravuri: do we have ny link which talks about it?\n[07:25:19] Victor Perez Juarez: So we can announce the official release date\n[07:26:07] Victor Perez Juarez: the patch for 3.7.1 is into the release branch , 371\n[07:26:31] Victor Perez Juarez: and Trifon have other patches, let me find the url\n[07:27:35] Trifon Trifonov: https://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/svn/HEAD/tree/branches/patches_370\n[07:27:35] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that Trifon have here\n[07:27:36] Mario Calderón: @Pradeep, Suman: do you know how to create a branch and do you have the rights?\n[07:27:48] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): Oct 14th is not written in stone for me, still i&#39;m a bit concerned that recondsidering such decisions over adn over will just cost us time..\n[07:27:50] Trifon Trifonov: https://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/svn/HEAD/tree/branches/patches_360\n[07:28:06] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): *if* it all runs great, then of course we can release earlier, but imho we still don&#39;t know if sthing will really work out so we can release this early\n[07:28:21] suman ravuri: @Mario,we are at get credentails wiht release manager name\n[07:28:23] Mario Calderón: @Tobi: we have to do our work well\n[07:28:32] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): my suggestion would be to stick with the official Oct 14th , with an option to release early if fine\n[07:28:46] Mario Calderón: who is about to give you credentials? this is very important\n[07:29:07] Victor Perez Juarez: http://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/svn/HEAD/tree/branches/patches_370/\n[07:29:31] suman ravuri: Norbet Vessel needs to create it as far as I know\n[07:29:40] Victor Perez Juarez: http://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/svn/HEAD/tree/branches/patches_360/\n[07:30:01] Mario Calderón: @all: a nwe release 3.8 must be created from master, and include the patches victor mentions\n[07:30:02] suman ravuri: that was the last mail conversation I had with team\n[07:30:03] Victor Perez Juarez: http://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/svn/HEAD/tree/branches/patches-zk_370/\n[07:30:10] Mario Calderón: ths is a first step\n[07:30:17] Mario Calderón: this has to be done anyway\n[07:30:30] Enrique Ruibal: @Tobias +1 Agree with you\n[07:30:39] suman ravuri: Can I write to Nobert for this credentails?\n[07:30:40] Mario Calderón: we have to ask Norbert to give credentials\n[07:30:49] Mario Calderón: yes, please Suman\n[07:30:52] suman ravuri: ok\n[07:31:01] Victor Perez Juarez: Mario I think that any CC member can\n[07:31:09] Victor Perez Juarez: so MArio would give too\n[07:31:17] Mario Calderón: perhpas can Tobi cream over to his office ;)\n[07:31:29] Mario Calderón: I can do it?\n[07:31:56] Victor Perez Juarez: in sf , yes , only need set as developer\n[07:32:04] Mario Calderón: I haven&#39;t done it up to now\n\nvery many things I&#39;ve been doing\n[07:32:14] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [15:31:59] Mario Calderón: perhpas can Tobi cream over to his office ;)\n\n\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; yes, i&#39;m just afraid we will staple his today&#39;s timetable to my head :-)\n[07:32:15] Mario Calderón: I can try it Suman\n[07:32:28] Victor Perez Juarez: but about the ID generator should give for Norbert\n[07:32:34] Mario Calderón: ok\n[07:32:38] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [15:32:56] Mario Calderón: I can try it Suman\n\n\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; thx\n[07:33:20] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [15:33:09] Victor Perez Juarez: but about the ID generator should give for Norbert\n\n\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; hm, right, idk if anyone else can currently do it..\n[07:33:26] Mario Calderón: then \n\n1.- Mario will see to give suman developer credentials\n\n2.- Suman will set up a 3.8 branch and start with the patches\n[07:33:35] Karsten Thiemann: hi - sorry I&#39;m late..\n[07:33:38] Mario Calderón: or Karsten!!!!\n[07:33:54] Victor Perez Juarez: Hi Karsten\n[07:33:57] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): Karsten :-)\n[07:34:21] Enrique Ruibal: @All, leaving the meeting now catch up later..have a good day/nite\n[07:34:33] Mario Calderón: bye Enrique\n[07:34:38] Mario Calderón: now\n[07:34:39] Victor Perez Juarez: bye , Enrique\n[07:34:54] Victor Perez Juarez: I will send the access server when Paul have ready\n[07:35:09] Enrique Ruibal: @Victor looking forward to it..:-\n[07:35:17] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [15:34:02] Tobias Schoeneberg: but about the ID generator should give for Norbert\n\n\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; can you pls write a mail to him? i&#39;ll also point out to him that it&#39;s important\n[07:35:37] Mario Calderón: now, what do we do ?\n\nthere are contributios which are tested functionally, what do we do with them?\n[07:35:54] Karsten Thiemann: pass them to the technical team\n[07:36:03] Mario Calderón: ok\n[07:36:20] Mario Calderón: so the TT has some contribs to test\n[07:36:39] suman ravuri: so Octber 14th is the target date for release?\n[07:36:43] Mario Calderón: I will finish today reviewing a couple of contribs\n[07:36:55] Victor Perez Juarez: I preferend september\n[07:37:16] Mario Calderón: @Suman: &quot;officially, yes&quot;, but on july 31st, we will set a realistic date\n[07:37:22] Victor Perez Juarez: for the anniversary of the project if we put something symbolism\n[07:37:34] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [15:37:21] suman ravuri: so Octber 14th is the target date for release?\n\n\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; imho it should be..we can try to do july 31st, but i wouldn&#39;T officially announce it\n\n@mario: agree\n[07:37:36] Victor Perez Juarez: ;-)\n[07:37:56] Karsten Thiemann: ok - but the sooner the better..\n[07:38:34] Mario Calderón: so the Technical Team has a lot of work to do: there are many contribs that are passed\n[07:38:35] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): @karsten: sure, but i would prefer stability and documentation over a sooner release\n[07:38:50] Pradeep Lavania: Ok...lets us under commit and over deliver :). Lets keep it Oct 14th for announcement perspective....and shoot for earlier date with as much might as we can\n[07:39:05] Karsten Thiemann: @Tobias: agree but it is important to show some progress\n[07:39:13] Mario Calderón: but we must start now with the 3.8 branch\n[07:39:26] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): @karsten: yes, i fully agree with that\n[07:39:30] Mario Calderón: ok\n[07:39:36] Karsten Thiemann: and most of the features we are talking about are in production for a while\n[07:39:43] Mario Calderón: let&#39;s go back to take decisions\n[07:40:03] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): we can have visible RCs, even if it should turn out that we can do july 31st\n[07:40:25] suman ravuri: then date for finalization for FT to approve features\n[07:40:35] Victor Perez Juarez: @Tobias good idea\n[07:41:02] suman ravuri: FT should approve features that will be part of 3.8 by July 1st week?\n[07:41:16] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [15:40:18] Karsten Thiemann: and most of the features we are talking about are in production for a while\n\n\n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; ok, but when the things i saw in &quot;Sales Management&quot; are elsewhere, too, there definietely is some work to do, even if it alredy works now from a functional POV..\n[07:41:47] suman ravuri: i.e July 1st 2013\n[07:41:48] Karsten Thiemann: ok\n[07:41:50] Victor Perez Juarez: RC1 for july 31, RC2 for agu , RC3 if is necessary sep, and 380 release\n[07:42:02] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): i mean e.g. adding half a dozent more columns to AD_User, for a feature that is not core..it will make our lifes harder and harder if we jsut integrate such things\n[07:42:10] Mario Calderón: @Tobi: if it is adding headers, the RM can do it\n[07:42:22] Mario Calderón: I think this shouldn&#39;t be a stopper\n[07:43:18] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): sure, it isn&#39;t.\n\nregarding when the RM can do, I&#39;m not sure..of corse it would be nice if that work was taken from me or adaxa, but i simply don&#39;t know the RM&#39;s job description..\n[07:43:33] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): will ADeV pay WTC for such work?\n[07:43:47] Mario Calderón: actually, it is to help the TT\n[07:44:06] Mario Calderón: they are paid by the hour\n[07:44:27] Mario Calderón: so, it is better that they DO work than they are at discussions\n[07:45:06] Pradeep Lavania: @Mario....agree. We should try to conclude directions as much as possible.\n[07:45:40] Mario Calderón: http://www.adempiere.com/Release_380LTS shows there have been contributions tested.\n\n\n\nNow my question is: waht must be done so they are included for final test into Revision 3.8?\n[07:46:07] Mario Calderón: Technical Team must test\n[07:46:12] Victor Perez Juarez: Mario\n[07:46:16] Mario Calderón: so when does it happen?\n[07:46:26] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that the TT need review , and release\n[07:46:59] suman ravuri: We need to have definite plan to meet October 14th\n[07:47:18] Karsten Thiemann: there will be a technical team meeting on friday\n[07:47:23] suman ravuri: one way is to have specific dates for each milestone\n[07:47:29] Victor Perez Juarez: how step in repository I think that we can finish the feature that was approve , so hg flow allow merge this change with development\n[07:47:59] suman ravuri: if we do not have tangible goals, it is very diffcult to meet those goals\n[07:48:06] Mario Calderón: I think I will finish some more contributions by tomorrow,\n\nbut we need the builds by WT, Adaxa, Metas and eEvolution\n[07:48:22] Victor Perez Juarez: othe other hand RM can starting the release branch to integrate the patches and each approvate feature\n[07:49:22] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.adempiere.com/File:ADempiere_Repository_Structure.png\n[07:49:23] Victor Perez Juarez: the idea is follwing out procedure\n[07:51:20] Mario Calderón: @all: if the builds are published, I can see with the Functional Team to test fucntionally all contribs by june 29th\n[07:53:04] Mario Calderón: how about the Technical Team?\n[07:54:07] Victor Perez Juarez: Mario, the idea when the funcional is ok , the TT can make technical review\n[07:54:23] Victor Perez Juarez: as we make for Sales manager\n[07:55:04] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): @mario\n\ni&#39;m sorry, to repeatedly be the &quot;rather negative&quot; guy, but i doubt i can revier all other contribs until june 29th. for me it&#39;s a quantum leap that i \n\nhave a time budget to do reviews at all.. :-(\n[07:55:18] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): and i think until know i&#39;m the only one who did TT-reviews..\n[07:55:47] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): the others from metas are busy preparing our own contribs to that they will hopefully pass review\n[07:55:50] Karsten Thiemann: I&#39;ll do the tt review of the dunning functionality\n[07:56:03] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): thx karsten\n[07:57:01] Karsten Thiemann: and of the window process as well because the dunning uses it anyway\n[07:57:06] Victor Perez Juarez: I am wait the metas contribution to star with my revisions\n[07:57:20] Mario Calderón: ok\n[07:57:48] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): ok, maybe i should focus on helping my collegues with our contribs, rather than reviewing..\n[07:59:15] Victor Perez Juarez: the idea that the contributor not review your selft\n[08:01:28] Karsten Thiemann: sorry - I got to go, I&#39;ll read the log. See you.\n[08:02:03] suman ravuri: @Mario, I would request you to put timelines for each milestone and get this approved from  team\n[08:02:25] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): sorry, also need to leave now\n[08:02:33] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): cu\n[08:03:09] Mario Calderón: Summary:\n\n1.- official release still October 14th, but we will do our best to release ealier.\n\n2.- by July 31st, we will be able to issue a realistic date\n\n3.- we need from the main contributors Adaxa, e-Evolution, Walking Tree and Metas access to thest\n\n4.- Suman/Walking Tree has to get developer access\n\n5.- a new 3.8 branch has to be created by Suman/WT and the latest patches included\n\n6- Functional Team will finish testing by June 29, if these contribs are accessible\n\n7.- Technical Team meets and tests as soon as the functional team is finished, so it is included ASAP in the 3.8 branch\n\n8.- suman will solve technical matters with TT members\n[08:04:43] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): (aggree, but now i&#39;m *really* afk ;-) )\n[08:04:52] Mario Calderón: bye Tobi\n[08:06:55] Mario Calderón: @Victor, Suman, Teo, Tobi: who can help Walking Tree creating and administering the new branch 3.8?\n[08:07:28] Mario Calderón: I will see to create an account today and give it developer rights\n[08:07:36] Mario Calderón: don&#39; know how\n[08:08:32] Mario Calderón: ??\n[08:08:37] Victor Perez Juarez: yes si simple\n[08:08:47] Victor Perez Juarez: you need first Suman, sf user\n[08:09:15] Victor Perez Juarez: when you have then only in your profile can give as development and release management rigth\n[08:09:33] Mario Calderón: @Suman, Pradeep: is it better to put your names, or &quot;AdempiereReleaseManager&quot; ?\n[08:09:39] Victor Perez Juarez: it allow Suman, commint into the mercurial repository\n[08:09:57] Victor Perez Juarez: about how Suman, can create release branch\n[08:10:13] Victor Perez Juarez: all are describe in development procedure\n[08:10:36] suman ravuri: @Mario, regarding names we will go Adev decision\n[08:10:39] suman ravuri: with\n[08:10:43] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.adempiere.com/Software_Development_Procedure, so he need test hg flow\n[08:11:11] Victor Perez Juarez: I use http://www.sourcetreeapp.com/ to make all this work\n[08:11:16] Mario Calderón: ok, then you will do all your work as AdempiereReleaseManager (or similar)\n[08:12:11] suman ravuri: ok\n[08:12:17] Mario Calderón: great\n[08:12:18] suman ravuri: when I can expect this acess\n[08:12:19] suman ravuri: ?\n[08:12:50] Victor Perez Juarez: here are the doucment to use flow\n[08:12:50] Victor Perez Juarez: http://blog.sourcetreeapp.com/2012/07/17/sourcetree-1-5-going-with-the-flow/\n[08:12:51] Mario Calderón: I will do my breakfast, then I will create the account and pass it on to you\n[08:12:59] suman ravuri: In Jira I can not assing issues to some one or my self\n[08:13:00] Mario Calderón: no more than 2 hours\n[08:13:20] Victor Perez Juarez: What is your user id in Jira Suman\n[08:13:27] suman ravuri: What is the procedure I need to follow to get required access\n[08:13:31] suman ravuri: one minue I will share\n[08:13:33] Victor Perez Juarez: I can give rigth\n[08:13:35] Mario Calderón: @Suman: can you solve technical issues with Victor, Teo, Tobi...\n[08:13:59] Victor Perez Juarez: and what is your sourceforget user , I can say to Mario how give acess as developer\n[08:14:12] suman ravuri: suman.ravuri\n[08:14:27] Mario Calderón: @Victor: thanks!\n[08:14:33] Victor Perez Juarez: @Suman , please contact me any question , you are welcome\n[08:14:38] suman ravuri: sure\n[08:14:43] suman ravuri: I will reach you\n[08:14:44] Victor Perez Juarez: this is SF\n[08:14:47] Victor Perez Juarez: suman.ravuri\n[08:14:52] Victor Perez Juarez: or Jira\n[08:14:56] suman ravuri: Jira\n[08:14:58] Victor Perez Juarez: ok\n[08:15:17] Mario Calderón: SF: I will create the account &quot;AdempiereReleaseManager&quot;\n[08:15:40] Mario Calderón: and pass on the credentials to Suman\n[08:16:11] Mario Calderón: and try with Victor&#39;s help to give him developers rights\n[08:16:18] suman ravuri: ok\n[08:16:23] Mario Calderón: in 2 hours he&#39;ll have it\n[08:16:27] Mario Calderón: and can proceed\n[08:16:41] Victor Perez Juarez: ready Suman\n[08:16:42] Mario Calderón: is this it?\n[08:16:51] suman ravuri: sourece forge\n[08:16:58] suman ravuri: ravurisuman@gmail.com\n[08:17:03] Victor Perez Juarez: I update your right , can you test\n[08:17:05] Victor Perez Juarez: ?\n[08:17:07] suman ravuri: I used open ID access\n[08:17:25] Mario Calderón: ok\n[08:17:40] Mario Calderón: &quot;AdempiereReleaseManager&quot;  with email ravurisuman@gmail.com\n[08:18:06] Mario Calderón: from my part, I am done\n[08:18:28] Mario Calderón: anything else?\n[08:18:47] suman ravuri: for Adempiere relase manager use suman.ravuri@walkingtree.in\n[08:19:45] Mario Calderón: ok...\n[08:19:50] Mario Calderón: thnaks Suman\n[08:19:57] Mario Calderón: I am starting with it\n[08:19:59] Mario Calderón: now\n[08:20:06] suman ravuri: thanks\n[08:20:09] Mario Calderón: breakast later..  :)\n[08:22:21] Victor Perez Juarez: Suman , then you need open an account with suman.ravuri@walkingtree.in\n[08:22:39] Victor Perez Juarez: in sf, or may be change yoor email\n[08:22:42] Victor Perez Juarez: I not shure\n[08:23:12] suman ravuri: We are taking about two sf access\n[08:23:16] Victor Perez Juarez: when you commint would use some as  Release Management author suman.ravuri &lt;suman.ravuri@walkingtree.in&gt; or some similar\n[08:23:29] suman ravuri: 1. for WTC contributions\n[08:23:35] suman ravuri: 2. release manager\n[08:23:55] suman ravuri: @Victor, let us take offline\n[08:24:00] suman ravuri: I will ping both of you\n[08:24:26] Victor Perez Juarez: ok\n</code></pre><div class="line-numbers" aria-hidden="true"><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div></div></div>',12)],s={},t=(0,n(13860).Z)(s,[["render",function(e,i){return(0,a.wg)(),(0,a.iD)("div",null,r)}]])},32080:(e,i,n)=>{n.r(i),n.d(i,{data:()=>a});const a=JSON.parse('{"key":"v-47566f75","path":"/community/wiki/meetings/FT-2013/FT-20130617.html","title":"FT/TT meeting minutes June 17th 2013","lang":"en-US","frontmatter":{"title":"FT/TT meeting minutes June 17th 2013","category":["Community"],"star":9,"sticky":9,"tag":["Wiki","Meetings"],"article":false,"summary":"Meeting Minutes General Secretary: Mario Calderon; Participants: Pradeep Lavania, Suman Ravuri, Victor Perez, Mario Calderón, Tobias Schöneberg, Enrique Ruibal, Trifon Trifonov, Ka","head":[["meta",{"property":"og:url","content":"https://github.com/adempiere/adempiere-site.github.io/community/wiki/meetings/FT-2013/FT-20130617.html"}],["meta",{"property":"og:title","content":"FT/TT meeting minutes June 17th 2013"}],["meta",{"property":"og:type","content":"article"}],["meta",{"property":"og:updated_time","content":"2023-08-29T22:51:16.000Z"}],["meta",{"property":"og:locale","content":"en-US"}],["meta",{"property":"og:locale:alternate","content":"es-ES"}],["meta",{"property":"article:tag","content":"Wiki"}],["meta",{"property":"article:tag","content":"Meetings"}],["meta",{"property":"article:modified_time","content":"2023-08-29T22:51:16.000Z"}]]},"excerpt":"","headers":[{"level":2,"title":"Log","slug":"log","children":[]}],"git":{"createdTime":1693349476000,"updatedTime":1693349476000,"contributors":[{"name":"Jesús Albujas","email":"134967453+tecnicoerp@users.noreply.github.com","commits":1}]},"readingTime":{"minutes":23.14,"words":6942},"filePathRelative":"community/wiki/meetings/FT-2013/FT-20130617.md","localizedDate":"August 29, 2023"}')}}]);