"use strict";(self.webpackChunkblog=self.webpackChunkblog||[]).push([[1950],{14500:(e,i,n)=>{n.r(i),n.d(i,{default:()=>s});var a=n(68152);const t=[(0,a.IL)('<h2 id="minutes" tabindex="-1"><a class="header-anchor" href="#minutes" aria-hidden="true">#</a> Minutes</h2><p><strong>General</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Participants:</strong> Mario Calderon, OSSAGHO, Michael McKay, Enrique Ruibal, Yamel Senih, Eduardo Lópwez</li><li><strong>Date / Time:</strong> Tuesday, April 5th 2016 / 12:00h - 12:59h GMT</li><li><strong>The meeting closed after 90 mins</strong></li></ul><p><strong>Agenda</strong></p><ol><li><p>Discuss Testing Methods for Next Release</p><ul><li>Sahi for Webui Testing</li><li>Scala Tests</li></ul></li><li><p>Evaluate what to Include in next 3.8.2 Release</p><ul><li>POS</li><li>Payment Selection Feature</li><li>Change of &quot;Create From&quot; forms by Smart Browse</li><li>Attribute Set Instance improvements to allow text input in the ASI fields and direct entry of serial numbers</li><li>Component tracking and component lifecycle management</li><li>Tax Engine [Now it will support Indian Tax as well as any country Tax]</li><li>Window Customization [ We had complete it ]</li><li>PackIn - PackOut Engine Enhancements</li></ul></li><li><p>Discuss Repository Management</p><ul><li>Create 3.8.0#003 now and add new bug fixes etc to that branch</li><li>POS integration into 3.8.0#002 but the team that has been working on it</li><li>Change of &quot;Create From&quot; forms by Smart Browse</li></ul></li><li><p>Next meeting</p><ul><li>Pending</li></ul></li></ol><p><strong>Discussion</strong></p><ol><li><p><strong>Discuss Testing Methods for Next Release:</strong></p><ul><li>Sahi for Webui Testing</li><li>Scala Tests</li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Evaluate what to Include in next 3.8.2 Release:</strong></p><ul><li>POS</li><li>Payment Selection Feature</li><li>Change of &quot;Create From&quot; forms by Smart Browse</li><li>Attribute Set Instance improvements to allow text input in the ASI fields and direct entry of serial numbers</li><li>Component tracking and component lifecycle management</li><li>Tax Engine [Now it will support Indian Tax as well as any country Tax]</li><li>Window Customization [ We had complete it ]</li><li>PackIn - PackOut Engine Enhancements</li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Discuss Repository Management:</strong></p><ul><li>Create 3.8.0#003 now and add new bug fixes etc to that branch</li><li>POS integration into 3.8.0#002 but the team that has been working on it</li><li>Change of &quot;Create From&quot; forms by Smart Browse</li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Next meeting:</strong></p><ul><li>Pending</li></ul></li></ol><h2 id="log" tabindex="-1"><a class="header-anchor" href="#log" aria-hidden="true">#</a> Log</h2><p>Following is the meeting log - time is in GMT -6</p><div class="language-text line-numbers-mode" data-ext="text"><pre class="language-text"><code>[05/04/2016 04:36:22 a. m.] *** Mario Calderón added Eduardo Lopez, Enrique Ruibal, Gabriel Vila, Michael McKay, Jatinder Kansal, Steven _, Victor Perez, Yamel Senih ***\n[05/04/2016 04:37:36 a. m.] *** Mario Calderón added Colin ROONEY ***\n[05/04/2016 04:37:52 a. m.] *** Mario Calderón added Trifon Trifonov ***\n[05/04/2016 04:38:34 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Hi there, good morning, evening or night!\n[05/04/2016 04:39:19 a. m.] OSSAGHO: Hi Everyone\n[05/04/2016 04:39:37 a. m.] Michael McKay: Morning.\n[05/04/2016 04:39:50 a. m.] Mario Calderón: I created this group for the meetings of the Technical and Functional Teams\n[05/04/2016 04:42:08 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Somebody spoke of creating a group in the portal chat, which would be visible to everybody, but only editable to the members of the teams. I don&#39;t know if such a chat room can be created\n[05/04/2016 04:42:20 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Meanwhile we meet here\n[05/04/2016 04:43:03 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Hope everybody is present. .. Meeting is in 20 minutes right?\n[05/04/2016 04:43:18 a. m.] Enrique Ruibal: Hi Everyone.\n[05/04/2016 04:48:20 a. m.] Yamel Senih: Hi everybody\n[05/04/2016 04:49:51 a. m.] Eduardo Lopez: Morning\n[05/04/2016 04:58:46 a. m.] Yamel Senih: Hi Eduardo\n[05/04/2016 04:58:48 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Just a couple of minutes. .\nIf you have already an item for the meeting write it here down.\nFrom my part I have the next release (3.8.2)\n[05/04/2016 05:00:21 a. m.] Eduardo Lopez: Hi Yamel\n[05/04/2016 05:00:36 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Should we start?\n[05/04/2016 05:01:19 a. m.] Yamel Senih: For me no problem\n[05/04/2016 05:01:26 a. m.] Michael McKay: Yes.\n[05/04/2016 05:02:04 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Any other items to discuss?\n[05/04/2016 05:02:46 a. m.] Yamel Senih: I think that is important know the testing team\n[05/04/2016 05:03:23 a. m.] Yamel Senih: Exists many changes in hotfix#002 but is necessary test it\n[05/04/2016 05:04:25 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Ok... agree. There must be thorough tests before releasing...\n[05/04/2016 05:04:38 a. m.] *** Enrique Ruibal has renamed this conversation to &quot;AD Technofunctional Team&quot; ***\n[05/04/2016 05:05:39 a. m.] Michael McKay: There are several test methods. I can use Sahi for the webui testing.\n[05/04/2016 05:06:06 a. m.] Michael McKay: I&#39;m not familiar enough with the others yet.\n[05/04/2016 05:06:52 a. m.] Mario Calderón: I think Victor has been trying out Scala?\n[05/04/2016 05:07:43 a. m.] Michael McKay: Yes. I haven&#39;t used it myself yet.\n[05/04/2016 05:08:30 a. m.] Mario Calderón: First we should agree on what will include the 3.8.2 release, and when we intend to do it\n[05/04/2016 05:09:20 a. m.] Mario Calderón: I suggest to include the new POS as it is finished and ready to integrate\n[05/04/2016 05:10:49 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Steven Sackett has offered nice functional additions, perhaps he could suggest such which are easy to integrate. ..\n[05/04/2016 05:12:24 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: Hi all\n[05/04/2016 05:12:50 a. m.] Yamel Senih: Hi Gabriel\n[05/04/2016 05:12:58 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: Hi Yamel\n[05/04/2016 05:13:06 a. m.] Michael McKay: I think the hotfix branches should be released based on time. Release one, then start the next (#003) in a release early, release often approach. They should mostly be about bug fixes and major functionality the team agrees with. I wouldn&#39;t want to delay to add more functionality at this point.\n[05/04/2016 05:13:10 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Hi Gabriel, welcome\n[05/04/2016 05:13:18 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: Hi Mario, thanks !!\n[05/04/2016 05:13:54 a. m.] Enrique Ruibal: Welcome Gabriel\n[05/04/2016 05:14:12 a. m.] Yamel Senih: I agree with Mike\n[05/04/2016 05:14:17 a. m.] Michael McKay: We can look at adding other functionality in #003 or the next major release.\n[05/04/2016 05:14:40 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Ok Mike. Would it mean release 3.8.2 would it be to test the actual status and release?\n[05/04/2016 05:15:06 a. m.] Yamel Senih: Also is important define the changes to include in the new release\n[05/04/2016 05:17:24 a. m.] Michael McKay: If the POS is ready, we can include it now if everyone agrees. For other new features, we should look at the road map and try to focus our efforts where there is collective interest.\n[05/04/2016 05:17:55 a. m.] Yamel Senih: I agree\n[05/04/2016 05:18:01 a. m.] Michael McKay: So yes, 3.8.2 would be what is currently in the 3.8.0#002 branch with the POS.\n[05/04/2016 05:18:26 a. m.] Yamel Senih: Yes\n[05/04/2016 05:19:02 a. m.] Yamel Senih: Other item is the payment selection\n[05/04/2016 05:19:11 a. m.] Enrique Ruibal: sounds very good\n[05/04/2016 05:19:24 a. m.] Yamel Senih: After day I put a issue with it\n[05/04/2016 05:19:46 a. m.] Yamel Senih: Is necessary add a workflow to the payselection\n[05/04/2016 05:20:04 a. m.] Enrique Ruibal: @Yamel your proposal to make payment selection a document is very good\n[05/04/2016 05:20:17 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Ok.. what do others think of Mike&#39;s suggestion?\n[05/04/2016 05:20:39 a. m.] Yamel Senih: I agree with mike\n[05/04/2016 05:20:44 a. m.] Enrique Ruibal: me too\n[05/04/2016 05:22:01 a. m.] Enrique Ruibal: I also agree with Mario on asking for Adaxa&#39;s contributions that can be included at this point\n[05/04/2016 05:25:09 a. m.] Michael McKay: Has anyone looked at the Adaxa code in particular? I&#39;m under the impression that it is not trivial to integrate but I could be wrong. There is also a lot of good stuff there that should be added to the roadmap for the next releases. At the moment, I understood it was planned for 3.9.0.\n[05/04/2016 05:25:23 a. m.] OSSAGHO: I have some suggestions for upcoming release\nWe must have to set our application Standards also Like\nWhy people / Industries should prefer it over the other available products like ....\nWhich type of industries Adempiere can straight-way covers\n[05/04/2016 05:28:54 a. m.] Enrique Ruibal: @Mike you are right we should be familiar with Adaxa&#39;s code first, it is just some of these contributions are very appealing for example financial reports enhancements\n[05/04/2016 05:29:29 a. m.] Michael McKay: Agree. I like the whole list. But I&#39;m aware its a lot of work.\n[05/04/2016 05:29:37 a. m.] Mario Calderón: ... but this could be left for 3.8.3 ..\nLet&#39;s focus on releasing 3.8.2 asap.\nI&#39;d agree to let Adaxa&#39;s contributions for later...\nPlease do answer if you agree with Mike&#39;s suggestion for a 3.8.2 release + POS.?\n[05/04/2016 05:29:41 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: i agree with mike\n[05/04/2016 05:29:52 a. m.] Enrique Ruibal: +1\n[05/04/2016 05:30:04 a. m.] OSSAGHO: +1\n[05/04/2016 05:30:20 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: +1\n[05/04/2016 05:32:04 a. m.] Mario Calderón: +1\n[05/04/2016 05:33:53 a. m.] Yamel Senih: +1\n[05/04/2016 05:34:54 a. m.] Yamel Senih: Other point is the change of &quot;Create From&quot; forms by Smart Browse\n[05/04/2016 05:35:27 a. m.] Yamel Senih: Also I put a issue of it, it can be include in the new release\n[05/04/2016 05:35:43 a. m.] Yamel Senih: What do you mean?\n[05/04/2016 05:35:54 a. m.] Eduardo Lopez: +1\n[05/04/2016 5:37:10 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Ok, so who does the POS integration and when? Also: when will it be running on the test server so everybody can test ? And last: when do we plan the release?\n[05/04/2016 05:38:38 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: +1\n[05/04/2016 05:38:52 a. m.] Yamel Senih: +1\n[05/04/2016 05:38:59 a. m.] Yamel Senih: The road map?\n[05/04/2016 05:39:13 a. m.] Yamel Senih: It must be defined\n[05/04/2016 05:41:39 a. m.] Michael McKay: 1. Create 3.8.0#003 now and add new bug fixes etc to that branch.\n2. POS integration into 3.8.0#002 but the team that has been working on it\n3. Testing of 3.8.0#002 on the server (I can help with this)\n4. Perparation of the release - (I can help with this)\n[05/04/2016 05:41:50 a. m.] Michael McKay: 5. Release 3.8.2\n[05/04/2016 05:41:59 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Ok great\n[05/04/2016 05:43:03 a. m.] Michael McKay: For the road map, I can edit http://wiki.adempiere.net/Road_Map to include the current discussion and keep the data in one place. Mario, when we are done with the 3.8.2 discussion, we can brainstorm the Roadmap list.\n[05/04/2016 05:45:12 a. m.] Yamel Senih: I can help with the POS integration\n[05/04/2016 05:45:20 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Can you create the #003 branch Mike? And Yamel +Victor + me can integrate the POS to 3.8.2? I think this can be done in the next days.\n[05/04/2016 05:45:40 a. m.] Yamel Senih: I agree\n[05/0016 05:46:31 a. m.] Michael McKay: I&#39;ll create the new branch. All pull requests that aren&#39;t accepted yet will need to be redirected.\n[05/04/2005:47:12 a. m.] Mario Calderón: On the next meeting we can see if this has been accomplished and also if the test server is set up so everyone can test\n[05/04/2016 1:46 a. m.] Mario Calderón: We should ask Steven what he suggests for 3.8.3 and if anybody knows of worthwhile additional features, please put the forward here\n[05/04/2016 05:55:10 a. m.] Michael McKay: I have two to contribute:\n- Attribute Set Instance improvements to allow text input in the ASI fields and direct entry of serial numbers. There are some other ways of dealing with this so some discussion would be appreciated (offline)\n- Component tracking and component lifecycle management.\n[05/04/2016 05:55:36 a. m.] Yamel Senih: it is good Mike\n[05/04/2016 05:55:41 a. m.] Yamel Senih: i see the issues\n[05/04/2016 05:56:34 a. m.] Michael McKay: The ASI improvements could be ready for 3.8.3 or 3.9.0. Component tracking may take another 6 months to a year.\n[05/04/2016 05:58:03 a. m.] Enrique Ruibal: I think the ASI improvements have been largely expected, definitely an excellent contribution\n[05/04/2016 05:58:12 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Do we need a wiki page for 3.8.2 and 3.8.3 functionality?\n[05/04/2016 05:58:39 a. m.] Mario Calderón: I will document this meeting in the wiki\n[05/04/2016 05:58:57 a. m.] Michael McKay: @Mario I&#39;ve created a skeleton at http://wiki.adempiere.net/Road_Map for the big picture items. We can add the results of the disussion there.\n[05/04/2016 05:59:25 a. m.] Yamel Senih: i agree\n[05/04/2016 06:00:21 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Great\n[05/04/2016 06:00:34 a. m.] Yamel Senih: in the http://wiki.adempiere.net/Release_390 i add my chages to now, i don&#39;t know if in it is necessary add all contributions\n[05/04/2016 06:01:10 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Can we integrate both pages?\n[05/04/2016 06:01:26 a. m.] Michael McKay: I can update the Road Map with a summary of the release pages.\n[05/04/2016 06:01:31 a. m.] Mario Calderón: For example with mutual references?\n[05/04/2016 06:03:15 a. m.] Yamel Senih: i think that in the http://wiki.adempiere.net/Release_390 can has the reference to http://wiki.adempiere.net/Road_Map\n[05/04/2016 06:03:35 a. m.] Michael McKay: Links? Yes. We can use the road map for the brainstorming and the release pages for the details.\n[05/04/2016 06:03:54 a. m.] Yamel Senih: yes\n[05/04/2016 06:04:00 a. m.] Yamel Senih: i agree with Mike\n[05/04/2016 06:04:19 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: i agree with mike too\n[05/04/2016 06:05:13 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Anything else? What do the new members of the teams think? Suggestions for improvements ?\n[05/04/2016 06:07:49 a. m.] Michael McKay: Longer term, Victor had some good ideas about changing the user interface technologies.\n[05/04/2016 06:08:03 a. m.] Yamel Senih: yes\n[05/04/2016 06:08:18 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: we have been working with tire management for transport customers\n[05/04/2016 06:08:43 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: we would like to put this improvement in futures releases\n[05/04/2016 06:08:58 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: maybe also the implementation of stock status types\n[05/04/2016 06:09:10 a. m.] OSSAGHO: I have also few contributions like\n1. Tax Engine [Now it will support Indian Tax as well as any country Tax]\n2. Window Customization [ We had complete it ]\n3. PackIn - PackOut Engine\na. Packaging of Rule Engine\nb. Packaging of Report Access Level\nc. Enabling of Pack-In in 380 for 370 Packout\n4. Jasper Reports [ Report formats required by the industries ]\n5. Do not allow to change the location &amp; item Along with B-Partner name change after any transaction\n6. Inventory Raise [ If Lost found/for any reason need to increase inventory ]\n[05/04/2016 06:16:16 a. m.] Michael McKay: All good ideas. When can you add these?\n[05/04/2016 06:16:55 a. m.] OSSAGHO: Michael , I can add all these by this week\n[05/04/2016 06:16:55 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: From now to end of april\n[05/04/2016 06:17:07 a. m.] Yamel Senih: is good\n[05/04/2016 06:18:35 a. m.] OSSAGHO: Are we going to keep JBoss or Removing in release 3.8.2\n[05/04/2016 06:19:25 a. m.] Mario Calderón: From my side I&#39;d say we&#39;re done...\nImportant is to test new functionality on separate branches and still best on running servers\n[05/04/2016 06:19:56 a. m.] Michael McKay: +1 to keep in 3.8.2. Remove in a future release.\n[05/04/2016 06:20:20 a. m.] Enrique Ruibal: Right, agree with Mike\n[05/04/2016 06:20:44 a. m.] Yamel Senih: +1\n[05/04/2016 06:21:23 a. m.] Michael McKay: @OSSAGHO Jatinder, can I add your list to the 3.8.3 plan then?\n[05/04/2016 06:21:30 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: +1\n[05/04/2016 06:21:53 a. m.] Michael McKay: And where/when do we want to remove JBoss?\n[05/04/2016 06:23:27 a. m.] Mario Calderón: At least with 3.9 or 4.0 ... not yet! !\n[05/04/2016 06:23:30 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: 3.9 ?\n[05/04/2016 06:26:19 a. m.] Michael McKay: +1 for 3.9. I don&#39;t think its a huge job. Adaxa has done it successfully already.\n[05/04/2016 06:28:35 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: i think could be the last &quot;big&quot; change, before 4.0\n[05/04/2016 06:32:07 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: which release will contain zk 8 ?\n[05/04/2016 06:32:17 a. m.] Mario Calderón: Ok gtg. Bye!\n[05/04/2016 06:32:29 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: Bye Mario\n[05/04/2016 06:33:27 a. m.] Michael McKay: Bye Mario.\nFor ZK8 - if we can solve the issues, it could be ready for 3.9.\nShould we wrap up for today? We have a plan for 3.8.2 and some ideas for the future. We can meet and discuss further next week. I&#39;ve updated the wiki page with the ideas. http://wiki.adempiere.net/Road_Map.\n[05/04/2016 06:34:02 a. m.] Yamel Senih: Bye everybody\n[05/04/2016 06:34:27 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: Bye Yamel\n[05/04/2016 06:34:46 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: ok, thanks mike\n[05/04/2016 06:34:53 a. m.] OSSAGHO: Will meet next week, Thanks\n[05/04/2016 06:35:43 a. m.] Yamel Senih: Bye\n[05/04/2016 06:36:16 a. m.] Gabriel Vila: Bye all\n[05/04/2016 06:36:27 a. m.] Michael McKay: Bye.\n[05/04/2016 06:36:32 a. m.] Eduardo Lopez: Bye\n</code></pre><div class="line-numbers" aria-hidden="true"><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div></div></div>',10)],l={},s=(0,n(42272).c)(l,[["render",function(e,i){return(0,a.Wz)(),(0,a.An)("div",null,t)}]])},81212:(e,i,n)=>{n.r(i),n.d(i,{data:()=>a});const a=JSON.parse('{"key":"v-69d622f2","path":"/community/wiki/meetings/FT-2016/FT-20160405.html","title":"FT/TT meeting minutes Apr 5th 2016","lang":"en-US","frontmatter":{"title":"FT/TT meeting minutes Apr 5th 2016","category":"Community","star":9,"sticky":9,"tag":["Wiki","Meetings"],"article":false,"description":"Minutes General Participants: Mario Calderon, OSSAGHO, Michael McKay, Enrique Ruibal, Yamel Senih, Eduardo Lópwez Date / Time: Tuesday, April 5th 2016 / 12:00h - 12:59h GMT The meeting closed after 90 mins","head":[["meta",{"property":"og:url","content":"https://github.com/adempiere/adempiere-site.github.io/community/wiki/meetings/FT-2016/FT-20160405.html"}],["meta",{"property":"og:title","content":"FT/TT meeting minutes Apr 5th 2016"}],["meta",{"property":"og:description","content":"Minutes General Participants: Mario Calderon, OSSAGHO, Michael McKay, Enrique Ruibal, Yamel Senih, Eduardo Lópwez Date / Time: Tuesday, April 5th 2016 / 12:00h - 12:59h GMT The meeting closed after 90 mins"}],["meta",{"property":"og:type","content":"website"}],["meta",{"property":"og:locale","content":"en-US"}],["meta",{"property":"og:updated_time","content":"2023-08-29T22:51:16.000Z"}],["meta",{"property":"article:author","content":"ADempiere"}],["meta",{"property":"article:tag","content":"Wiki"}],["meta",{"property":"article:tag","content":"Meetings"}],["meta",{"property":"article:modified_time","content":"2023-08-29T22:51:16.000Z"}],["script",{"type":"application/ld+json"},"{\\"@context\\":\\"https://schema.org\\",\\"@type\\":\\"WebPage\\",\\"name\\":\\"FT/TT meeting minutes Apr 5th 2016\\",\\"description\\":\\"Minutes General Participants: Mario Calderon, OSSAGHO, Michael McKay, Enrique Ruibal, Yamel Senih, Eduardo Lópwez Date / Time: Tuesday, April 5th 2016 / 12:00h - 12:59h GMT The meeting closed after 90 mins\\"}"],["link",{"rel":"alternate","type":"application/atom+xml","href":"https://github.com/adempiere/adempiere-site.github.io/atom.xml","title":" Atom Feed"}],["link",{"rel":"alternate","type":"application/json","href":"https://github.com/adempiere/adempiere-site.github.io/feed.json","title":" JSON Feed"}],["link",{"rel":"alternate","type":"application/rss+xml","href":"https://github.com/adempiere/adempiere-site.github.io/rss.xml","title":" RSS Feed"}]]},"headers":[{"level":2,"title":"Minutes","slug":"minutes","link":"#minutes","children":[]},{"level":2,"title":"Log","slug":"log","link":"#log","children":[]}],"git":{"createdTime":1693349476000,"updatedTime":1693349476000,"contributors":[{"name":"Jesús Albujas","email":"134967453+tecnicoerp@users.noreply.github.com","commits":1}]},"readingTime":{"minutes":9.88,"words":2964},"filePathRelative":"community/wiki/meetings/FT-2016/FT-20160405.md","localizedDate":"August 29, 2023","excerpt":"<h2> Minutes</h2>\\n<p><strong>General</strong></p>\\n<ul>\\n<li><strong>Participants:</strong> Mario Calderon, OSSAGHO, Michael McKay, Enrique Ruibal, Yamel Senih, Eduardo Lópwez</li>\\n<li><strong>Date / Time:</strong> Tuesday, April 5th 2016 / 12:00h - 12:59h GMT</li>\\n<li><strong>The meeting closed after 90 mins</strong></li>\\n</ul>","autoDesc":true}')}}]);