"use strict";(self.webpackChunkblog=self.webpackChunkblog||[]).push([[2948],{61196:(e,i,n)=>{n.r(i),n.d(i,{default:()=>s});var a=n(68152);const r={href:"http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_December_5th_2011",target:"_blank",rel:"noopener noreferrer"},t=(0,a.IL)('<h1 id="meeting-minutes" tabindex="-1"><a class="header-anchor" href="#meeting-minutes" aria-hidden="true">#</a> Meeting Minutes</h1><p><strong>General</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Moderator:</strong> Tobias Schöneberg</li><li><strong>Participants:</strong> Teo Sarca, Michael McKay, Mark Ostermann</li><li><strong>Temporary Participants:</strong> Victor Perez, Mario Calderon</li><li><strong>Date/ Time:</strong> December 5th, 2011 / 3:00 PM - 5:00 PM GMT</li></ul><p><strong>Agenda</strong></p><ol><li>Bug triaging</li><li>Recording whole Meeting Log</li><li>Silent participants in Team Meetings</li><li>Statement about author erasure</li><li>ADempiereIdGenerator.java pluggable</li><li>Brazil localization</li><li>MSProject integration</li><li>Taking stock of current Feature Requests (FRs)</li></ol><p><strong>Discussion</strong></p><ol><li><p>Bug triaging:</p><ul><li>Workflow initiated for TT members to triage bug trackers and resolve issues promptly.</li><li>Teo Sarca will provide details and set up new tracker groups as needed.</li></ul></li><li><p>Recording whole Meeting Log:</p><ul><li>The suggestion to record the entire Meeting Log is adopted by TT/TF.</li></ul></li><li><p>Silent participants in Team Meetings:</p><ul><li>The suggestion to have silent participants in Team Meetings is adopted by TT/TF.</li></ul></li><li><p>Statement about author erasure:</p><ul><li>The issue of contributor names in SQL files is discussed.</li><li>Procedure established for different cases involving contribution from remote repositories.</li><li>Victor to implement the procedure.</li></ul></li><li><p>ADempiereIdGenerator.java pluggable:</p><ul><li>Teo to finish the partial implementation posted in the wiki.</li><li>Michael and Victor will test the implementation.</li></ul></li><li><p>Brazil localization:</p><ul><li>Interest expressed in the non-base language feature mentioned in a discussion thread.</li><li>Tobi to contact Ricardo for more details and offer TT&#39;s advice and help.</li></ul></li><li><p>MSProject integration:</p><ul><li>Discussion about proposed MSProject integration.</li><li>Teo to contact Marcos for further details and offer TT&#39;s advice and help.</li></ul></li><li><p>Taking stock of current FRs:</p><ul><li>A template-wiki-page for Feature Requests (FRs) will be provided.</li><li>FR responsible individuals will be asked to provide documentation for their requests.</li></ul></li></ol><p><strong>Next Meeting</strong></p><ul><li>Agenda and date for next meeting(s) to be decided.</li><li>Consideration of having another joint meeting.</li></ul><h2 id="log" tabindex="-1"><a class="header-anchor" href="#log" aria-hidden="true">#</a> Log</h2><p>Following is the meeting log, starting after TT/FT decided to record and publish the whole meeting log in future</p><div class="language-text line-numbers-mode" data-ext="text"><pre class="language-text"><code>[05.12.2011 16:53:49] Tobias Schoeneberg: ok :) next one\n[05.12.2011 16:53:52] Teodor Sarca: +1\n[05.12.2011 16:53:53] Teodor Sarca: ;)\n[05.12.2011 16:54:03] Tobias Schoeneberg: Suggestion to have silent participants in Team Meetings\n[05.12.2011 16:54:39] Michael McKay: +1.  No problems wih that.\n[05.12.2011 16:54:49] Teodor Sarca: +1 for *silent* participation\n[05.12.2011 16:54:51] Victor Perez Juarez: so we should continue using the sf.net tracker system?, or maybe we can migrate to something else easier.\n[05.12.2011 16:54:53] Victor Perez Juarez: ?\n[05.12.2011 16:55:01] Tobias Schoeneberg: +1 from me, too\n[05.12.2011 16:55:10] Mark Ostermann: +1\n[05.12.2011 16:55:19] Tobias Schoeneberg: ok, next one\n[05.12.2011 16:55:36] Tobias Schoeneberg: pls have a look at http://www.adempiere.com/Functional_Team#20111205__.28together_with_Technical_Team.29\n[05.12.2011 16:55:37] Mario Calderón: +1\n[05.12.2011 16:55:45] Tobias Schoeneberg: is there more to talk about?\n[05.12.2011 16:55:56] Tobias Schoeneberg: i mean, about &quot;Emiliano: Statement from FT/ TT about author erasure. What has been answered in Forum already? &quot;\n[05.12.2011 16:56:19 | Bearbeitet 16:56:25] Tobias Schoeneberg: or do we agree with mark that it&#39;s finished?\n[05.12.2011 16:56:40] Mark Ostermann: ... not finished completely\n[05.12.2011 16:56:42] Teodor Sarca: i would say that the whole topic deserves a quick discussion.\n[05.12.2011 16:56:52] Mark Ostermann: sql scripts stuff still open\n[05.12.2011 16:57:03] Teodor Sarca: i mean just to everybody agree what is done and what is not done\n[05.12.2011 16:57:10] Teodor Sarca: e.g.\n[05.12.2011 16:57:11] Teodor Sarca: [Montag, 5. Dezember 2011 16:56] Mark Ostermann: \n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; sql scripts stuff still open\n[05.12.2011 16:58:10] Tobias Schoeneberg: [Montag, 5. Dezember 2011 16:57] Teodor Sarca: \n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; sql scripts stuff still openok..imho, the person creating the script should put there name to the top. if they don&#39;t, it&#39;s there problem. wdyt?\n[05.12.2011 16:58:45] Teodor Sarca: hmmm, to be very correct, as i understand, the answer is yes and no\n[05.12.2011 16:59:12] Teodor Sarca: if the person is uploading them to our mercurial or our trackers, i would say yes, you are right\n[05.12.2011 16:59:43] Teodor Sarca: but as i understand (correct me if I am wrong, because now i am not sure) those were taken from an external repository\n[05.12.2011 16:59:58] Teodor Sarca: so in that case i would suggest to put the name of the contributor on top of the script\n[05.12.2011 17:00:26] Teodor Sarca: i mean, i really don&#39;t want to have another painful discussions as we had\n[05.12.2011 17:00:31] Michael McKay: What is the important result of this?  What do we want to achieve?\n[05.12.2011 17:00:54] Mark Ostermann: a) autom. author in migr. scripts\n[05.12.2011 17:01:16 | Bearbeitet 17:02:05] Mark Ostermann: b) -u parameter &quot;with original author&quot; in commit when code is taken from external repository\n[05.12.2011 17:01:39] Teodor Sarca: i would suggest to go with a)\n[05.12.2011 17:02:22] Teodor Sarca: and in case they are transplanted, automatically we are in case b)\n[05.12.2011 17:02:33] Mark Ostermann: yes\n[05.12.2011 17:02:40] Michael McKay: I don&#39;t think the -u parameter will work unless you are going to restrict commits to single files.  Can we divorce the author of the code from the &quot;clerical&quot; author of the commit?\n[05.12.2011 17:02:53] Michael McKay: The importance is the history.  Where did it come from.\n[05.12.2011 17:03:15] Mark Ostermann: [Montag, 5. Dezember 2011 17:02] Teodor Sarca: \n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; and in case they are transplantedand in cases of FR/ BF patches. or not?\n[05.12.2011 17:03:27] Teodor Sarca: IMHO, NOT!\n[05.12.2011 17:03:52] Teodor Sarca: i mean, for all manual contributions to repo we shall go with case a)\n[05.12.2011 17:04:05] Teodor Sarca: because in most of the cases, i am sorry but I don&#39;t care from where it come\n[05.12.2011 17:04:17] Teodor Sarca: but who introduced and so shall be asked to fix or somthing....\n[05.12.2011 17:04:42] Teodor Sarca: and as far as I see, mercurial is a SCM and not a meritocracy system, sorry :))\n[05.12.2011 17:05:31] Teodor Sarca: what i think is important is to have the names of contributors in our release logs\n[05.12.2011 17:05:39] Teodor Sarca: that is *important*\n[05.12.2011 17:06:18] Michael McKay: Thats what I mean by important history.  The path through a thousand changes is not that relevant.\n[05.12.2011 17:08:06] Tobias Schoeneberg: ok do we agree to apply a), but  not b) for now?\n[05.12.2011 17:08:36] Tobias Schoeneberg: and if so, what do we do until the &quot;automatic&quot; of a) has been implemented?\n[05.12.2011 17:08:59] Tobias Schoeneberg: suggestion: leave it to the SQL-author to add their name manually\n[05.12.2011 17:09:11] Teodor Sarca: tobi, i think this is a particular case\n[05.12.2011 17:09:38] Teodor Sarca: and i think it would apply only when we take something manually from a remote repository\n[05.12.2011 17:09:43] Teodor Sarca: e.g. globalqss case\n[05.12.2011 17:09:47] Teodor Sarca: for the rest:\n[05.12.2011 17:10:01] Mario Calderón: bye people, I have to leave....\n[05.12.2011 17:10:11] Teodor Sarca: * contributor shall set his name in sql scripts if uploaded in trackers\n[05.12.2011 17:10:30] Teodor Sarca: * if contrbutor is also commiter, we has the name in the commit\n[05.12.2011 17:10:34] Michael McKay: Bye Mario.  Have a great day.\n[05.12.2011 17:10:37] Teodor Sarca: bye mario\n[05.12.2011 17:10:40] Tobias Schoeneberg: by mario\n[05.12.2011 17:11:03] Teodor Sarca: so, i think we somehow we discuss to apply this rule retroactively for Carlos complains\n[05.12.2011 17:12:46] Tobias Schoeneberg: retroactively? you mean, identify all SQL from carlos-branch and add his name?\n[05.12.2011 17:13:11] Teodor Sarca: nop, we can apply only on those 4 cases....\n[05.12.2011 17:13:29] Teodor Sarca: because in rest of them, carlos is the author of mercurial / svn commit\n[05.12.2011 17:14:25] Tobias Schoeneberg: ok\n[05.12.2011 17:14:40] Tobias Schoeneberg: mike, mark any comments?\n[05.12.2011 17:16:15] Michael McKay: Sorry - in and out.  Agree to address the areas of complaint on a case by case basis.\n[05.12.2011 17:16:43] Mark Ostermann: me too. not a mass update, just because the committ came from carlos\n[05.12.2011 17:17:23] Michael McKay: Or to be more general - for a complaint brought by a community member.\n[05.12.2011 17:17:50 | Bearbeitet 17:18:08] Tobias Schoeneberg: ok, but for the four cases of carlos, and if we manually take something from a remote repo, we add the original author&#39;s name? before thate is any complaint?\n[05.12.2011 17:18:24] Teodor Sarca: [Montag, 5. Dezember 2011 17:17] Tobias Schoeneberg: \n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; ok, but for the four cases of carlos, and if we manually take something from a remote repo, we add the original author&#39;s name? before thate is any complaint?yes, exactly, +1\n[05.12.2011 17:18:40] Tobias Schoeneberg: (fyi, i need to leave in around 30 minutes)\n[05.12.2011 17:19:08] Tobias Schoeneberg: thate=there\n[05.12.2011 17:19:09] Teodor Sarca: then, let&#39;s press the gas pedal :)\n[05.12.2011 17:19:52] Tobias Schoeneberg: OK, so for the four cases of carlos, and if we manually take something from a remote repo, we add the original author&#39;s name?\n[05.12.2011 17:19:53] Tobias Schoeneberg: +1\n[05.12.2011 17:19:57] Mark Ostermann: +1\n[05.12.2011 17:20:31] Michael McKay: +1\n[05.12.2011 17:20:35] Tobias Schoeneberg:  and for other cases, it&#39;s\n * contributor shall set his name in sql scripts if uploaded in trackers\n * if contrbutor is also commiter, we has the name in the commit\n[05.12.2011 17:20:37] Tobias Schoeneberg: ?\n[05.12.2011 17:20:49] Tobias Schoeneberg: +1 from me\n[05.12.2011 17:22:49] Teodor Sarca: +1\n[05.12.2011 17:24:34] Michael McKay: +1\n[05.12.2011 17:25:52] Mark Ostermann: -u parm is committer and not author. correct?\n[05.12.2011 17:26:00 | Bearbeitet 17:26:07] Mark Ostermann: just to be sure\n[05.12.2011 17:26:04] Tobias Schoeneberg: correct\n[05.12.2011 17:26:17] Michael McKay: Agreed.\n[05.12.2011 17:26:20] Mark Ostermann: ok, +1 from my side\n[05.12.2011 17:26:22] Tobias Schoeneberg: ok\n[05.12.2011 17:26:27] Tobias Schoeneberg: next one\n[05.12.2011 17:26:29] Tobias Schoeneberg: ADempiereIdGenerator.java pluggable\n[05.12.2011 17:26:36] Mark Ostermann: +1\n[05.12.2011 17:26:38] Mark Ostermann: :)\n[05.12.2011 17:26:56] Mark Ostermann: teo said, it can be quickly done\n[05.12.2011 17:26:59] Teodor Sarca: +1, but who will finish it ? i already provided to red1 the partial solution....\n[05.12.2011 17:27:30] Tobias Schoeneberg: [Montag, 5. Dezember 2011 17:26] Teodor Sarca: \n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; but who will finish it ?if you want it be done reight...you what the say :)\n[05.12.2011 17:27:35] Michael McKay: No input from me on this.  Not sure what it means.  Will go with TT decision.\n[05.12.2011 17:28:16] Tobias Schoeneberg: i think one can do it in 25min\n[05.12.2011 17:28:24] Tobias Schoeneberg: so +1\n[05.12.2011 17:28:59] Teodor Sarca: [Montag, 5. Dezember 2011 17:27] Tobias Schoeneberg: \n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; if you want it be done reight...you what the say :)tobi, i like when we talk in proverbs :))\n[05.12.2011 17:29:13] Tobias Schoeneberg: thx, me too\n[05.12.2011 17:29:52] Tobias Schoeneberg: ok, to we decided to make it pluggable. we will nag mark to give a time-slot to do it to teo\n[05.12.2011 17:30:01] Tobias Schoeneberg: we= teo and I :)\n[05.12.2011 17:30:01] Teodor Sarca: zo, ok i can finish it but then i need Victor and/or Mike to test it that it still working for their case\n[05.12.2011 17:30:15] Tobias Schoeneberg: sure\n[05.12.2011 17:30:22] Mark Ostermann: ok, great\n[05.12.2011 17:30:30] Tobias Schoeneberg: next one\n[05.12.2011 17:30:32] Tobias Schoeneberg: Brazil localisation\n[05.12.2011 17:30:48] Tobias Schoeneberg: what is the question here?\n[05.12.2011 17:31:39] Teodor Sarca: i added to agenda for the history. from last meeting we managed with Brazil community to integrate with us\n[05.12.2011 17:31:54] Mark Ostermann: no question. was just for history\n[05.12.2011 17:32:08] Mark Ostermann: as reminder for actions done\n[05.12.2011 17:32:27 | Bearbeitet 17:32:54] Mark Ostermann: ;) ah, thanks teo. i&#39;m writing to slowly\n[05.12.2011 17:32:57] Tobias Schoeneberg: ok. then..ah..next one?\n[05.12.2011 17:33:09] Mark Ostermann: one moment\n[05.12.2011 17:33:24] Mark Ostermann: ricardo asked about non-base-language\n[05.12.2011 17:33:55] Mark Ostermann: does anybody know if he has created a repository yet to push his code?\n[05.12.2011 17:35:11] Tobias Schoeneberg: aparently not.\n[05.12.2011 17:35:57] Mark Ostermann: ok\n[05.12.2011 17:36:00] Teodor Sarca: shall we create one, or for the first stage we shall advice to add it in brazil repo\n[05.12.2011 17:36:33 | Bearbeitet 17:36:39] Teodor Sarca: and then integrate in an adempiere branch, and then following the process and mixing with our current work, shall reach the base line\n[05.12.2011 17:36:39] Teodor Sarca: ?\n[05.12.2011 17:37:20] Tobias Schoeneberg: i think we can leave it to him to decide\n[05.12.2011 17:38:00] Mark Ostermann: i just thought it would be a good FR for FT/ TT. We already have started with our solution. Would be good to compare how the brazilians want to solve this problem and we could see if we can merge/ combine our efforts somehow\n[05.12.2011 17:38:27] Mark Ostermann: i think we can leave it to him to decideyes, sure\n[05.12.2011 17:38:45] Tobias Schoeneberg: i think the most convenient solution for us would be a FR in the adempiere-repo.\n[05.12.2011 17:39:08] Teodor Sarca: @tobi, me too\n[05.12.2011 17:39:25] Tobias Schoeneberg: we can contact and ask him. agree? is yes, who wants to do it?\n[05.12.2011 17:39:42] Mark Ostermann: someone of TT?\n[05.12.2011 17:40:06] Teodor Sarca: i can do it. or if tobi wants, is fine... maybe is better.\n[05.12.2011 17:40:18] Tobias Schoeneberg: i can do it.\n[05.12.2011 17:40:35] Mark Ostermann: here&#39;s the thread: https://sourceforge.net/projects/adempiere/forums/forum/611158/topic/2529762\n[05.12.2011 17:40:43] Tobias Schoeneberg: thx. ok. ready for next one?\n[05.12.2011 17:40:47] Mark Ostermann: y\n[05.12.2011 17:40:49] Tobias Schoeneberg: MSProject integration proposed by Marcos Vinícius Coutinho da Silva\n[05.12.2011 17:41:09] Michael McKay: This is a great idea.  I have no time but would love to support it.\n[05.12.2011 17:41:15] Teodor Sarca: ok\n[05.12.2011 17:41:27] Teodor Sarca: let me add some brief intro first\n[05.12.2011 17:41:29] Tobias Schoeneberg: same here :)\n[05.12.2011 17:41:47] Teodor Sarca: the idea is the guy contacted me and told me about what he is doing\n[05.12.2011 17:41:55] Teodor Sarca: (the discussion is in CC to TT/FT)\n[05.12.2011 17:42:12] Teodor Sarca: i encouraged him to also join the community and present him self\n[05.12.2011 17:42:33] Teodor Sarca: until now, i have to response but I&#39;ve added also to agenda\n[05.12.2011 17:43:12] Teodor Sarca: hope in nearest future to have any contact from him because i think this contribution can open new horizonts to adempiere...\n[05.12.2011 17:43:17] Teodor Sarca: (end)\n[05.12.2011 17:44:15] Tobias Schoeneberg: [Montag, 5. Dezember 2011 17:42] Teodor Sarca: \n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; until now, i have to responseyou mean &quot;no&quot; response?\n[05.12.2011 17:44:39] Teodor Sarca: yes, i mean NO response. sorry typo error\n[05.12.2011 17:47:20] Tobias Schoeneberg: ok, can you contact him once more? we could provide a repo for him.\n[05.12.2011 17:47:43] Teodor Sarca: sure, that was also my intention\n[05.12.2011 17:47:50] Tobias Schoeneberg: then we can review and think about next steps\n[05.12.2011 17:48:18] Tobias Schoeneberg: ok, everybody agree\n[05.12.2011 17:48:19] Tobias Schoeneberg: ?\n[05.12.2011 17:48:40] Mark Ostermann: +1\n[05.12.2011 17:48:45] Tobias Schoeneberg: +1\n[05.12.2011 17:48:50] Teodor Sarca: +1\n[05.12.2011 17:49:10] Tobias Schoeneberg: ok, next one\n[05.12.2011 17:49:11] Tobias Schoeneberg: Taking stock of current FRs, maybe provide a template-wiki-page for them and ask the FR repsponsible to provide documentation\n[05.12.2011 17:49:28] Tobias Schoeneberg: i need to leave now\n[05.12.2011 17:50:02] Mark Ostermann: i believe we already have a template\n[05.12.2011 17:50:06] Mark Ostermann: i&#39;ll check\n[05.12.2011 17:50:23] Mark Ostermann: bye tobi. have a nive evening.\n[05.12.2011 17:50:33] Mark Ostermann: are we finished then?\n[05.12.2011 17:50:39 | Bearbeitet 17:51:06] Tobias Schoeneberg: [Montag, 5. Dezember 2011 17:50] Mark Ostermann: \n\n&lt;&lt;&lt; i believe we already have a templateyes, but i would like to create pages, add them all to a common category like &quot;FR in progress&quot;\n[05.12.2011 17:51:26] Mark Ostermann: ok\n[05.12.2011 17:51:29] Tobias Schoeneberg: ok, cu\n[05.12.2011 17:51:40] Teodor Sarca: cu\n[05.12.2011 17:51:42] Tobias Schoeneberg: mark can vote for me, if there is anything to vote\n[05.12.2011 17:52:40] Michael McKay: Sorry - on the phone.  Re MSProject.  +1 I&#39;m aware of serveral large companies that are struggling to implement MSProject in a SAP environment.  Teh key problem is tracking of project data.  Being able to roll-up project budgets and forecasts in ADempiere would be a great feature.\n[05.12.2011 17:53:48] Teodor Sarca: @Mike, i will contact the guy tomorrow and see what is happening. we are only on inception phase with this project.\n[05.12.2011 17:54:17] Teodor Sarca: ok, do we have more points to discuss?\n[05.12.2011 17:56:12] Mark Ostermann: i think that were all points on the agenda and we can close for today.\n[05.12.2011 17:56:29] Trifon: sorry i just came back.\n[05.12.2011 17:56:34] Trifon: missed the whole meeting.\n[05.12.2011 17:56:35] Teodor Sarca: yep, i think that too\n[05.12.2011 17:57:13] Teodor Sarca: them, bye bye to everybody and thanks for the fastforward productive meeting\n[05.12.2011 17:58:47] Mark Ostermann: bye teo. thanks alot too\n[05.12.2011 17:58:51] Mark Ostermann: bye everybody\n[05.12.2011 18:19:30] Victor Perez Juarez: I sorry . I had that go\n[05.12.2011 18:19:50] Victor Perez Juarez: my network connection was disconect\n[05.12.2011 18:51:20] Mario Calderón: I&#39;m back . bye to all\n</code></pre><div class="line-numbers" aria-hidden="true"><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div><div class="line-number"></div></div></div>',12),o={},s=(0,n(42272).c)(o,[["render",function(e,i){const n=(0,a.E1)("ExternalLinkIcon");return(0,a.Wz)(),(0,a.An)("div",null,[(0,a.QD)("p",null,[(0,a.QD)("a",r,[(0,a.mY)("http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_December_5th_2011"),(0,a.K2)(n)])]),t])}]])},62720:(e,i,n)=>{n.r(i),n.d(i,{data:()=>a});const a=JSON.parse('{"key":"v-dbe0d002","path":"/community/wiki/meetings/FT-2011/FT-20111205.html","title":"FT/TT meeting minutes December 5th 2011","lang":"en-US","frontmatter":{"title":"FT/TT meeting minutes December 5th 2011","category":"Community","star":9,"sticky":9,"tag":["Wiki","Meetings"],"article":false,"description":"http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_December_5th_2011 Meeting Minutes General Moderator: Tobias Schöneberg Participants: Teo Sarca, Michael McKay, Mark Ostermann Temporary Participants: Victor Perez, Mario Calderon Date/ Time: December 5th, 2011 / 3:00 PM - 5:00 PM GMT","head":[["meta",{"property":"og:url","content":"https://github.com/adempiere/adempiere-site.github.io/community/wiki/meetings/FT-2011/FT-20111205.html"}],["meta",{"property":"og:title","content":"FT/TT meeting minutes December 5th 2011"}],["meta",{"property":"og:description","content":"http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_December_5th_2011 Meeting Minutes General Moderator: Tobias Schöneberg Participants: Teo Sarca, Michael McKay, Mark Ostermann Temporary Participants: Victor Perez, Mario Calderon Date/ Time: December 5th, 2011 / 3:00 PM - 5:00 PM GMT"}],["meta",{"property":"og:type","content":"website"}],["meta",{"property":"og:locale","content":"en-US"}],["meta",{"property":"og:updated_time","content":"2023-08-29T22:51:16.000Z"}],["meta",{"property":"article:author","content":"ADempiere"}],["meta",{"property":"article:tag","content":"Wiki"}],["meta",{"property":"article:tag","content":"Meetings"}],["meta",{"property":"article:modified_time","content":"2023-08-29T22:51:16.000Z"}],["script",{"type":"application/ld+json"},"{\\"@context\\":\\"https://schema.org\\",\\"@type\\":\\"WebPage\\",\\"name\\":\\"FT/TT meeting minutes December 5th 2011\\",\\"description\\":\\"http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_December_5th_2011 Meeting Minutes General Moderator: Tobias Schöneberg Participants: Teo Sarca, Michael McKay, Mark Ostermann Temporary Participants: Victor Perez, Mario Calderon Date/ Time: December 5th, 2011 / 3:00 PM - 5:00 PM GMT\\"}"],["link",{"rel":"alternate","type":"application/atom+xml","href":"https://github.com/adempiere/adempiere-site.github.io/atom.xml","title":" Atom Feed"}],["link",{"rel":"alternate","type":"application/json","href":"https://github.com/adempiere/adempiere-site.github.io/feed.json","title":" JSON Feed"}],["link",{"rel":"alternate","type":"application/rss+xml","href":"https://github.com/adempiere/adempiere-site.github.io/rss.xml","title":" RSS Feed"}]]},"headers":[{"level":2,"title":"Log","slug":"log","link":"#log","children":[]}],"git":{"createdTime":1693349476000,"updatedTime":1693349476000,"contributors":[{"name":"Jesús Albujas","email":"134967453+tecnicoerp@users.noreply.github.com","commits":1}]},"readingTime":{"minutes":10.3,"words":3091},"filePathRelative":"community/wiki/meetings/FT-2011/FT-20111205.md","localizedDate":"August 29, 2023","excerpt":"<p><a href=\\"http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_December_5th_2011\\" target=\\"_blank\\" rel=\\"noopener noreferrer\\">http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_December_5th_2011</a></p>\\n<h1> Meeting Minutes</h1>\\n<p><strong>General</strong></p>\\n<ul>\\n<li><strong>Moderator:</strong> Tobias Schöneberg</li>\\n<li><strong>Participants:</strong> Teo Sarca, Michael McKay, Mark Ostermann</li>\\n<li><strong>Temporary Participants:</strong> Victor Perez, Mario Calderon</li>\\n<li><strong>Date/ Time:</strong> December 5th, 2011 / 3:00 PM - 5:00 PM GMT</li>\\n</ul>","autoDesc":true}')}}]);