---
title: FT/TT meeting minutes May 10th 2012
category: Community
star: 9
sticky: 9
tag:
  - Wiki
  - Meetings
article: false
---

## General Meeting - May 10th, 2012

**General:**
- **Moderator:** Mario Calderon
- **Participants:** Mark Ostermann, Victor Perez, John Agudelo, Enrique Ruibal, Tobias Schönenberg, Karsten Thiemann, Mario Calderon
- **Date / Time:** May 10th 2012 / 14:30h - 16:00h GMT

**Agenda:**
1. Preparation steps for release of ADempiere 3.7.1
2. Start a bug month for release 3.7.1: http://www.adempiere.com/Bug_Month_May_2012
   - Create a Wiki page for it (Mario)
   - Include a tester team to sign in
   - Make a call to the community (Mario)
3. Integrate advances directly in Wiki page https://adempiere.atlassian.net/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?
   - Documentation of test will be done in Jira, whereas in the wiki page the results of Jira will be seen (Victor)
4. Build and rollout branches/3.7.1 to http://asds2.adempiere.de:8080/webui/ (Postgres) and http://asds3.adempiere.de:8080/webui/ (Oracle) so testers don't need to make a private build. Currently it rolls out the "stabilization" branch. The rollout includes a full database reset and is done every 24 hours.
5. Build and rollout of branches/3.7.1 starting tomorrow (May 11th, 2012) (Tobi)
6. Publish bug month on our Wiki main page (Victor, Mike)
7. Change title of Implementation (Adempiere.java) to 3.7.1-RC, hotfix/3.7.1 branch, or similar (Victor)
8. Reschedule regular meetings
   - Next meeting: May 24th, at 15h GMT
   - Meetings to be held every two weeks

**Next Meeting:**
- **Date / Time:** May 24th, 2012 at 15:00h GMT

## Log

Following is the meeting log

~~~
Thursday, May 10, 2012
[7:26:58 AM] Mark Ostermann: hi all
[7:27:02 AM] Mark Ostermann: cu in 50 mins
[7:55:37 AM] Mario Calderón: hi everybody!
[7:56:07 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: Hello
[7:56:27 AM] Trifon: hello
[7:57:31 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: This is special meeting?
[7:59:08 AM] Mario Calderón: hi Kitti,
it is a FT/TT meeting
[7:59:36 AM] Mario Calderón: you should have received the invitation via email
[8:00:01 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: Nop, I didn't.
[8:00:27 AM] Mario Calderón: aren't you in the mailing list?
[8:00:40 AM] Mario Calderón: this is bad..
[8:00:55 AM] Mario Calderón: should be one of the first things to be fixed
[8:01:01 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: Never did. But the first time, which is ages ago
[8:03:18 AM] Mario Calderón: ok, this has to be done today
[8:03:45 AM] Mario Calderón: don't know who maintains the mailing list
[8:04:02 AM] Mario Calderón: perhaps Mark or Karsten
[8:07:44 AM] Mark Ostermann: hello everybody
[8:08:00 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: ok, no problem :)
[8:08:12 AM] Mark Ostermann: @mario: as far i know, everybody in CC Team can manage the mailinglists
[8:08:42 AM] Mario Calderón: @Kitti: could you solve the problem with the Wiki?
[8:09:58 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: @Mario, no I do not. THere is no further reply from our mails.
[8:10:09 AM] Mario Calderón: :(
[8:10:11 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: I don't know why Wiki not allow to put files anymore.
[8:10:31 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: I think many people will have problem, not able to upload things freely...
[8:10:59 AM] Mario Calderón: Mike told me it was a matter of configuration and that he would ask somebody.
[8:11:10 AM] Mario Calderón: I will raise the question now to the CC
[8:11:44 AM] Mark Ostermann: @kitti: what type of files?
[8:11:59 AM] Mario Calderón: Mike said he forwarded the email to Dirk Niemeier
[8:13:43 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: .ppt
[8:13:48 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: .doc
[8:14:20 AM] Mark Ostermann: have you tried to convert into pdf and upload them?
[8:14:50 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: I think pdf can't upload as well.
[8:14:59 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: Nowaday only image are allowed.
[8:16:19 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: It is ok. I was thinking of uploading all my training documents there in ppt. In fact, I am not sure if it is a good thing to do and I don't want to make trouble for you guys :).
[8:16:25 AM] Karsten Thiemann: hi
[8:16:31 AM] Mario Calderón: hi Karsten
[8:19:25 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: [16:01:24] Kitti Upariphutthiphong:  I was thinking of uploading all my training documents there in ppt. In fact, I am not sure if it is a good thing to do and I don't want to make trouble for you guys :).

<<< maybe we should find another place for such files..i don't know, maybe rapidshare or sotmething
[8:19:43 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: ADeV pays for the account ;-)
[8:19:46 AM] Mark Ostermann: @kitti: should have had worked sometime with pdf. see here for example. http://www.adempiere.com/File:3circles_letter_sp.pdf
[8:20:20 AM] Mark Ostermann: so i believe that someone must change some wiki settings
[8:20:35 AM] Mark Ostermann: someone = who has admin access
[8:22:00 AM] Mark Ostermann: @kitti: have you tried with zip, and then put ppt and doc into zip?
[8:22:41 AM] Mario Calderón: I tried and fumbled in the wiki, but I found no chance to do anything, thatś why I wrote to Mike
[8:23:32 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: zip not work too. in fact nothing except images.
[8:24:36 AM] Mark Ostermann: yes, i see. just tried
[8:24:45 AM] Mark Ostermann: only png, gif, jpg, jpeg
[8:24:48 AM] Mark Ostermann: :-(
[8:25:19 AM] Mark Ostermann: seems as if it was changed during wiki migration
[8:25:31 AM] Mark Ostermann: and has to be changed back again
[8:26:59 AM] * Mario Calderón invited jdaison
[8:27:00 AM] Karsten Thiemann: kitti - can you give me your email address. I'll add you to the tt team list.
[8:27:29 AM] Enrique Ruibal: Hi everyone
[8:27:37 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: hi
[8:27:39 AM] John Daison Agudelo S.: hello every one
[8:27:43 AM] Mario Calderón: hi Enrique! good you could make it
[8:27:44 AM] Mark Ostermann: hi enrique
[8:27:45 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: kittiu@gmail.com
[8:27:48 AM] Mario Calderón: hi John
[8:27:54 AM] Mark Ostermann: hi john
[8:27:56 AM] Enrique Ruibal: thanks Mario
[8:28:41 AM] Karsten Thiemann: ok - you're now on the list
[8:29:11 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Hi I sorry for my delay
[8:29:25 AM] Mario Calderón: hi Victor!
[8:29:37 AM] Kitti Upariphutthiphong: Thank you Karsten.
[8:30:00 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: hi victor
[8:30:01 AM] Mark Ostermann: shall we start?
[8:30:38 AM] Mark Ostermann: any "real" volunteer for moderator today?
[8:30:49 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Hi guys
[8:30:53 AM] Mark Ostermann: ... without voting ;-)
[8:30:59 AM] Mark Ostermann: hi victor
[8:34:08 AM] Karsten Thiemann: nobody? ok - then we should close the meeting :)
[8:34:14 AM] Mario Calderón: well, I wrote I could do the moderation
[8:34:24 AM] Mario Calderón: and publish the minutes
[8:34:29 AM] Karsten Thiemann: +1 ;)
[8:34:42 AM] Enrique Ruibal: please do
[8:35:06 AM] Mark Ostermann: thanks mario
[8:35:07 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: +1
[8:35:10 AM] Mario Calderón: ok, then let's start
[8:35:14 AM] Mario Calderón: Agenda:
[8:36:16 AM] Mario Calderón: 1.- preparartion for next release
2. - regular meetings
[8:37:01 AM] Mark Ostermann: 2. suggestion to have regular ft/ tt meeting (e.g. every 2 weeks)
[8:37:30 AM] Mark Ostermann: --> to avoid appointment discussion mails before
[8:37:31 AM] Mario Calderón: any additional item?
[8:37:58 AM] Mario Calderón: http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_February_22nd_2012
[8:39:07 AM] Mario Calderón: perhaps it could be announced in the forum
[8:40:23 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: we are delayed with the release schedule
[8:40:24 AM] Mark Ostermann: @mario: yes i can do that. just wanted you to check log first
[8:41:10 AM] Mario Calderón: can anybody said what's been done and what's to be done concerning the release? So we define concrete steps...
[8:41:34 AM] * Victor Perez Juarez invited muhammad.nasir.aftab
[8:41:38 AM] Mario Calderón: @Mark: read, seems OK to me.
[8:42:21 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Muhammad Nasir Aftab ask me if would are into the meeting, I said that no is problem so I add
[8:42:31 AM] Mario Calderón: hi Nasir!
[8:42:39 AM] Mark Ostermann: hello nasir
[8:42:41 AM] Mark Ostermann: welcome
[8:42:49 AM] Enrique Ruibal: welcome Nasir
[8:43:40 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: we have the plant to release 3.7.1 only with buffix, so we can patch 3.6.0 and 3.7.0 with release 3.7.1
[8:45:10 AM] Mario Calderón: what would be the steps missing and when could be the release take place?
[8:45:34 AM] John Daison Agudelo S.: I suggest making a bugmonth for release 3.7.1 as this http://www.adempiere.com/Bug_Month_May_2011
[8:45:35 AM] Mario Calderón: we could invite the community to upload their BFs
[8:46:22 AM] Mario Calderón: in Altlassian
[8:46:29 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: here are the bug list for 3.7.1
[8:46:29 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: https://adempiere.atlassian.net/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?
[8:48:20 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: We require peer review
[8:48:37 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: and when we finish this revisión then can release
[8:49:01 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: all patches are into the hotfix/3.7.1 branche
[8:49:34 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: So now we need a lot the hand to make the testing and revisión
[8:49:44 AM] Mario Calderón: ok, then the suggestion of John would suit best: to call for a Bug Month
[8:49:55 AM] Mario Calderón: what do you think?
[8:50:18 AM] Enrique Ruibal: Good Idea
[8:50:40 AM] Mark Ostermann: +1
[8:50:58 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: we also could build and rollout branches/3.7.1 to http://asds2.adempiere.de:8080/webui/ ..currently it rolls out the "stabilization" branch
[8:52:23 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I think we should be more fast
[8:52:33 AM] Mark Ostermann: [16:34:50] Mario Calderón:  Bug Month

<<< Bug Month = stabilization phase defined in our dev process
[8:52:46 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Bug Week :-) because we will finish the 10 june
[8:52:53 AM] Mark Ostermann: ok if we still use the same name
[8:53:07 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: and my wise is release 3.8.0. in July
[8:53:49 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: yes the idea is get volunters to testing in 1 or 2 week :-)
[8:54:22 AM] Mario Calderón: @Tobi: I find the idea of building the fix branch great, so helpers don't have to download the code and make a build, but just test!!!
[8:54:35 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: because we need a big period to testing 3.8.0 that this release had a new features
[8:55:20 AM] Mario Calderón: what do the others think about rolling out the fix branch instead of the stabilization branch?
[8:55:28 AM] Mark Ostermann: +1
[8:55:32 AM] John Daison Agudelo S.: +1 bug week
[8:55:32 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: we need complete the cicle to new features (TT Revision, FT Aprovation , Testing , Inclusion in Development branch and Release)
[8:56:49 AM] Enrique Ruibal: I think one week is a short time, why not call it Bug Month and let that be through the rest of May
[8:57:23 AM] Mario Calderón: so we have to vote on several things
[8:58:13 AM] Mario Calderón: 1.- do we want to call for a Bug Month starting now and ending in May for release 3.7.1?
[8:58:28 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Enrique I think we only need distribute the bug fix
[8:58:37 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: and each person can report the result
[8:58:59 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: this is fast because we not are include improves or new fatures , only bugfix
[8:59:15 AM] Enrique Ruibal: @Victor I undersand, just a suggestion
[9:00:14 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: so I can see we have 42 bugfix
[9:00:15 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: https://adempiere.atlassian.net/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?mode=hide&requestId=10401#
[9:00:20 AM] Mark Ostermann: I would suggest to call it Bug month, until End of May. ... and if it's finished earlier, then ok. Wonderful.
[9:00:46 AM] Mark Ostermann: if not, then we still have time until end of may ;-)
[9:01:23 AM] John Daison Agudelo S.: Yes there are very few bugfix
[9:01:36 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: ok, we should try finish before
[9:01:46 AM] Mark Ostermann: ok +1 from me
[9:01:53 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: but then go End of May
[9:02:09 AM] Mario Calderón: ok, let's vote on it, gentlemen
[9:02:13 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: +1
[9:02:36 AM] Enrique Ruibal: @Victor the link doesn't work for me
[9:02:44 AM] Enrique Ruibal: Issue Navigator
Errors
The selected filter is not available to you, perhaps it has been deleted or had its permissions changed.
[9:03:06 AM] Enrique Ruibal: +1
[9:03:24 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Enrique Do you are register ?
[9:03:38 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Is necesarry are in Jira
[9:03:41 AM] Enrique Ruibal: yes in Adempiere Jira, perhaps you need to share that filter
[9:03:44 AM] Enrique Ruibal: yes
[9:04:11 AM] John Daison Agudelo S.: Doesn't work for me too
[9:04:16 AM] Mario Calderón: 2.- to do the roll up of adempiere ( http://asds2.adempiere.de:8080/webui/ ) with the fix branch to make it easier to test
[9:04:57 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Enrique I share
[9:05:06 AM] Enrique Ruibal: @Victor thx
[9:05:33 AM] Enrique Ruibal: @Everybody we also have asds3 server.. we need to test both PostgreSQL and Oracle
[9:05:36 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: somebody need that  I share
[9:05:46 AM] Mark Ostermann: bye guys, thanks to all. have to leave now. tobi can vote for me. i'll stay online for reading later. for regular meeting I suggest to have 14h/15h GMT every two weeks. Day doesn't matter. cu
[9:05:55 AM] Mario Calderón: bye Mark
[9:06:03 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: [16:50:38] Enrique Ruibal: @Everybody we also have asds3 server.. we need to test both PostgreSQL and Oracle

<<< yes, we should rollout 3.7.1 to asds3, too
[9:06:05 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: bye Mark
[9:06:41 AM] Mario Calderón: @Tobi: on which DB runs ads3 now?
[9:06:58 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: oracle, i need to check for the specific version
[9:07:01 AM] Mario Calderón: I think we all test just on one platform
[9:07:17 AM] Mario Calderón: and most PG
[9:07:47 AM] Mario Calderón: so the question is: can ads3 run on 2 DBs?
[9:08:01 AM] Mario Calderón: if not, we should decide on which
[9:08:26 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I know that we had install adempiere in oracle and pg in different instances
[9:08:34 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: VM
[9:08:49 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: we need test in both plataform
[9:09:16 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: [16:52:54] Mario Calderón: so the question is: can ads3 run on 2 DBs?

<<< i think i don't understand. currently asds2 runs with postgres and asds3 with oracle
[9:10:07 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: exacly so we need  test in  asds2 runs with postgres
[9:10:21 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: and  test in  asds3 runs with oracle
[9:10:54 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: this should answar the Enrique question and Mario
[9:11:25 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: answer
[9:11:36 AM] Mario Calderón: @tobi?
[9:11:40 AM] Enrique Ruibal: @Victor. .agree
[9:11:57 AM] Mario Calderón: is it possible as Victor says?
[9:12:08 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: sure :-)
[9:12:40 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: May be is good idea set the url in main page of our wiki :-)
[9:13:11 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: this way we can show always the progress version with the last build
[9:13:33 AM] Mario Calderón: great!!!!!
[9:13:38 AM] Mario Calderón: very good
[9:13:44 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: because I think that only little people know that both servers
[9:13:52 AM] Mario Calderón: so let's vote people
[9:14:20 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: cunrrent wen only had the Adaxa Demo it is ok , but I think that we should have an official demo
[9:14:40 AM] Mario Calderón: 2.- do we want that ads2 and ads3 are rolled out for the fix branch during the bug month?
[9:14:43 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: +1 to public asds2 and  asds3
[9:14:58 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: there is also a wiki page aboute the server: http://www.adempiere.com/Testing_Servers
[9:15:05 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: ..for more specific infos
[9:15:11 AM] Mario Calderón: thanks tobi
[9:15:27 AM] Karsten Thiemann: +1 to have the bug month
[9:15:31 AM] John Daison Agudelo S.: +1 to public asds2 and  asds3 and include in wiki home page
[9:15:42 AM] Enrique Ruibal: +1
[9:15:44 AM] Karsten Thiemann: +1 to publish the server links
[9:15:57 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: +1
[9:16:13 AM] Mario Calderón: more votes?
Victor?
[9:16:15 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: oh, sorry, +2..for mark, also ;-)
[9:17:16 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: +1
[9:17:31 AM] Mario Calderón: then approved.
When can it be arranged for testing?
(Tobi?)
[9:17:35 AM] John Daison Agudelo S.: @Tobi I did not know that page
[9:17:47 AM] Mario Calderón: so we publish the date
[9:18:11 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that Mike can help to add into the wiki page, Mike is the admin
[9:18:43 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: it has already been rolled to to asds2 (postgresql) and is currently rolling out to asds3 (oracle)
[9:19:07 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: the rollout includes a full database reset and is done every 24hours
[9:19:09 AM] Mario Calderón: and it has to roll the fix branch
[9:19:14 AM] Mario Calderón: instead of stable
[9:19:23 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: yes, hotfix/3.7.1
[9:19:41 AM] Mario Calderón: I think this way much more people will be able to test
[9:19:43 AM] Mario Calderón: ok
[9:19:52 AM] Mario Calderón: then we're done with it.
[9:20:19 AM] Mario Calderón: or there is anything additional?
[9:20:48 AM] Mario Calderón: if not, let's go to item 2.- of the agenda: scheduling regular meetings again.
[9:20:53 AM] Karsten Thiemann: we should publish the link to the buglist on the same wiki page
[9:21:27 AM] Mario Calderón: youre right Karsten: let's enumerate things that have to be done
[9:21:45 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that we can set am iframe with jira bug list
[9:21:51 AM] Mario Calderón: 1.- roll out fix branch
[9:21:54 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I not sure if is posible share public
[9:21:58 AM] Mario Calderón: 2.- publish in the wiki (I can ask Mike)
[9:22:20 AM] Mario Calderón: 3.- publish the jira bug list
[9:23:22 AM] Mario Calderón: @Tobi: I guess you are in charge of rolling out don't you?
[9:23:54 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: 4.- Public the call to Bug month, until End of May.
[9:24:00 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: kind of, i guess :-)
[9:24:24 AM] Mario Calderón: @Victor: yes
[9:24:40 AM] Mario Calderón: Who creates the wiki page and who does copy the jira list to it?
[9:24:44 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: one question: when opeing e.g. http://asds3.adempiere.de:8080/webui/
[9:24:52 AM] Mario Calderón: I think the last format was very good
[9:25:03 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: it sais "Release 3.7.0LTS" on the left side
[9:25:34 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that is more easy set a iframe into wiki page to embedded in wiki
[9:25:35 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: maybe we should change it to something like 3.7.1-RC, in the hotfix/3.7.1 branch
[9:25:43 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I need research or ask to Mike
[9:26:32 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: @Tobi where you want change
[9:26:42 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: ?
[9:27:11 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: i'm not sure where the string is set. is in in Adempiere.java?
[9:27:23 AM] Mario Calderón: @Tobi: so people don't get confused. I understand.
[9:27:31 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: haaa in the distribution
[9:27:32 AM] Mario Calderón: yes
[9:27:47 AM] Mario Calderón: it can be easily changed
[9:27:47 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: i mean, when we roll out hotfixes/3.7.1 people might be irritated when it still sais 370..
[9:27:54 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: ah, good :-)
[9:28:03 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I can make this setup the labels for 3.7.1 Release Candidate
[9:28:12 AM] Mario Calderón: very good!
[9:28:25 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: no is problem I stetup this today
[9:28:29 AM] Mario Calderón: so, who would be in charge of Wiki and Jira list?
[9:28:41 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Tobi tomorrow you can build the binary
[9:29:25 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: We can called 3.7.1 Release Candidate previos to release in test period
[9:29:40 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: when we finish then rename to 3.7.1
[9:30:05 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: ok
[9:30:23 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: i need to leave, too, in aprox 15 minutes
[9:31:42 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I like that we can create a new team calles Tester Team
[9:32:02 AM] Mario Calderón: bye Tobi
[9:32:30 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: this new team should be voluntary, the idea is that new people can be integrate and recognized
[9:32:41 AM] Mario Calderón: who will be in charge of wiki + inclusion of jira?
[9:33:02 AM] Mario Calderón: I can create the wiki today or ask Mike to do it.
[9:33:23 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: this the Tester Team will have your charge test that the TT and FT aproved
[9:33:27 AM] Mario Calderón: but  I don't know how to create the BF jira list
[9:33:50 AM] Mario Calderón: agree Victor. They (we) can sign in the wiki page
[9:35:39 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I think if we formalize Tester charge, more people contribute to the testing so we will be recognizing their work
[9:36:47 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: for example John Daison ask me How he can contribute the proyect , this can be a good way
[9:36:53 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: to contribute
[9:38:36 AM] Mario Calderón: @Victor: agree.
Now: who does generate the jira list and copies or integrates it to the wiki page "bug month"?
[9:39:28 AM] John Daison Agudelo S.: @Victor: I agree with Tester Team
[9:40:11 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Mario we need not the copy the jira list into wiki
[9:40:27 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that is more easy embedded the jira page into wiki
[9:40:38 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: so we have not duplicate info and work
[9:40:40 AM] Mario Calderón: great
[9:40:46 AM] Mario Calderón: can you do it?
[9:42:14 AM] Mario Calderón: I will create the wiki page -similar to the last one - and contact you for the link
[9:42:36 AM] Mario Calderón: ok
[9:43:25 AM] Mario Calderón: last item: to reschedule meetings
[9:43:30 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: yes I would be but I am see that is necessary install some media wiki extension
[9:43:50 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: who would make this in the server?
[9:44:21 AM] Mario Calderón: we can ask Mike
[9:45:38 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:Iframe
[9:46:05 AM] Tobias Schoeneberg: i'm afk know, i will read the log. bye
[9:46:12 AM] Mario Calderón: next item: next meeting
[9:46:34 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that it is ideal
[9:46:34 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:JiraBugReport
[9:46:51 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: exist an extension to set the buglist report in wikimedia
[9:47:17 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: or this
[9:47:17 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:JiraIssueList
[9:47:39 AM] Mario Calderón: looks good
[9:48:15 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: ok the this subject solve, now only we need ask the wiki admin to install into the adempiere wiki server
[9:48:28 AM] Mario Calderón: very good victor
[9:48:35 AM] Mario Calderón: Mai 24th, at  15h GMT and evey two weeks?
[9:50:57 AM] Karsten Thiemann: ok for me
[9:51:03 AM] Mario Calderón: ok
[9:51:08 AM] Mario Calderón: bye Karsten
[9:51:26 AM] Mario Calderón: I think we are finished...
[9:52:22 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: ok for me
[9:53:32 AM] Mario Calderón: ok gentlemen.
[9:53:47 AM] Mario Calderón: I thank you for your time.
[9:53:55 AM] Karsten Thiemann: see you
[9:54:00 AM] John Daison Agudelo S.: ok, good bye every one
~~~

