---
title: FT/TT meeting minutes 16 Dezember 2010
category: Community
star: 9
sticky: 9
tag:
  - Wiki
  - Meetings
article: false
---

# Meeting Minutes - General

**Participants:** Mario Calderón, Mark Ostermann, Teo Sarca, Tobias Schoeneberg, Victor Perez Juarez
**Missing:** Michael and Kai didn't attend the meeting.

## Review Task List from Last Meeting

- Wiki pages were created for the Functional Team, Technical Team, Codebase thread, and Discussion about Mercurial thread.
- Separate SFN Mailing lists (functional and technical) were created.
- Templates for teams were discussed, including the functional template, OpenBravo's template, and Carlos Ruiz' functional specification.
- Mark Ostermann will revisit the functional template to include contributors/maintainers, test cases, and QA. The modified template will be discussed and elaborated in the next functional/technical team meeting.

## Repository (Mercurial)

- Tobi worked with Mercurial and found it technically possible and recommendable to switch off SVN and start working with Mercurial.
- Tobi will create a document explaining how to switch to Mercurial in Eclipse. Other members of technical/functional teams will review it.
- No specific timeline for switching to Mercurial was set. The decision will be made as the project moves forward with the release and codebase.

## Codebase

- Codebase and Mercurial will be implemented in separate steps to minimize risks.
- Trunk will continue to be the official codebase for the ADempiere project.
- OSGI is considered the future, but due to open questions, it won't become the immediate codebase.
- OSGI will be released with ADempiere Suite Test.
- The technical team and community volunteers will continue working on OSGI.
- The release of the codebase will be discussed in the next meeting.

**Next meeting:** Thursday, December 23rd, 2010, at the same time (15:00 hours GMT).
