---
title: FT/TT meeting minutes November 21st 2011
category: Community
star: 9
sticky: 9
tag:
  - Wiki
  - Meetings
article: false
---

## Meeting Minutes

**General**
- **Moderator:** [Mark Ostermann](https://wiki.adempiere.net/User:Mark_o)
- **Participants:** Tobias Sch√∂neberg, Teo Sarca, Victor Perez, Michael McKay, Karsten Thiemann, Mario Calderon, and the moderator himself.
- **Date/ Time:** Nov. 21st, 2011 / 3:00 PM - 5:00 PM GMT

**Agenda**
1. Decision about publishing Functional Team (FT)/ Technical Team (TT) Meeting Minutes more frequently to allow/encourage ADempiere community to follow and participate. 
2. Discussion about pulling changesets from Carlos Ruiz.
3. Mavenizing ADempiere
4. Service Pack release/ Service Pack Distribution
5. Next meeting

**Discussion**
- The decision was made to publish FT/TT Meeting Minutes more frequently to encourage participation from the ADempiere community. Anyone interested in participating was invited to drop a note in the forum or email one of the current members.
- FT/TT agreed to not actively pull changesets from Carlos Ruiz for the time being, treating his contributions like all others according to ADempiere's software development procedure, despite GPL allowing the project to do so.
- Progress on mavenizing ADempiere was discussed, with credit given to various contributors. The effort was estimated to be completed by the end of November 2011.
- The concept of a service pack release was explained, emphasizing its role as a minor update. Both patches.jar files and migration scripts were to be automatically applied by the system, aiming to make it user-friendly. The suggestion to use the ADeV-nexus server as a public repository was made.
- The next FT/TT Meeting was scheduled for December 5th, 2011, at 3:00 PM GMT (to be confirmed).

**Next Meeting**
- December 5th, 2011 / 3:00 PM GMT (to be confirmed).
