---
title: FT/TT meeting minutes Aug 10th 2011
category: Community
star: 9
sticky: 9
tag:
  - Wiki
  - Meetings
article: false
---

# General Meeting Minutes

**Moderator:** Mario Calderon

## Agenda Items:

### 1. Decide over Daniel Tamm's Changes:
- It concerns three features:
  - Delivery Policy
  - Invoice Rounding
  - Create From Shipment
- As these functionalities were not tested completely, and testers were uncertain if the contributions covered all cases, it was decided not to include them in the release.
- However, a branch will be created for each feature so that each one can be thoroughly tested and corrected even after the release.
- This means that three new branches, Delivery Policy, Invoice Rounding, and Create From Shipment, will be created.
- After testing the branches, they can be merged with the next release.

### 2. New Seed for MySQL:
- The new connection to MySQL was not tested.
- Despite this, simple tests and code reviews showed that the impact on the code is minimal and no major collateral effects are expected.
- The challenge remains in how to manage updates considering not only Postgres or Oracle, but also MySQL.
- So far, only Trifon knows how to create a seed. Teo will contact Trifon to document the process on a wiki page.

### 3. Official Statement about Trunk and Contributions:
- Using Daniel Tamm's functions as an example, the community is encouraged to create branches for easy integration into the Main Line of Development.
- This approach helps avoid having private functions and promotes sharing code and experiences.
- Victor Perez was invited to give a speech during the Conference about the New Development Cycle/Procedure (Main Line of Development, how to create branches, etc.) to provide a hands-on example for managing source code.

### 4. Final Steps Towards Release:
- The testing phase is officially complete.
- The following steps are yet to be done:
  - Release
  - Merge the release branch into development
  - Create a new tag
  - Create new feature branches (for Daniel Tamm's functionalities)
  - Document changes log
- The Bug tracking document [Bug_Month_May_2011#Bug_Trackings](https://wiki.adempiere.net/Bug_Month_May_2011#Bug_Trackings) will serve as the basis, and Tobi will create a Wiki page for it.
- Planned release date: Monday, August 15th, 2011
- Note: A seed for MySQL should be provided on time.
