---
title: FT/TT meeting minutes Feb 24th 2011
category: Community
star: 9
sticky: 9
tag:
  - Wiki
  - Meetings
article: false
---

# General Meeting Minutes

**Moderator:** Mark

**Participants:** Enrique, Karsten, Mario, Mark, Ramiro, Teo, Tobias, Victor.

## Agenda Items:

### 1. Migration Tool:
- Voted (7x yes, 4 abstain) for an official Adempiere migration tool.
- Teo asked for Maintainer status in the Forum and was accepted.

### 2. Status of Renaming in Mercurial/Mercurial Directories:
- Announcement for one more week.
- Rename the adempiere361*, delete the ones marked as *to be deleted*, and keep the 'Converted from SVN'.
- Announcement will be done by Teo.

### 3. Review Task List from Last Meeting:
- Bugs fixed in globalqss are documented in trackers.
- Decided to integrate them into the ADempiere stabilization phase.

## Meeting Conclusion:
- The meeting concluded with discussions about the migration tool, renaming in Mercurial, and task list review.

## Next Meeting:
- Date & Time: Thursday, March 3rd, same time.
- Moderator: To be determined.
