---
title: FT/TT meeting minutes October 26th 2011
category: Community
star: 9
sticky: 9
tag:
  - Wiki
  - Meetings
article: false
---

# Meeting Minutes - October 26, 2011

**Date:** Wednesday, October 26, 2011  
**Moderator:** Mario Calderon  
**Attendees:** Karsten Thiemann, Victor Perez, Trifon Trifonov, Joel Stangeland, Teo Sarca, Mark Ostermann, Tobias Schoeneberg, Michael McKay

## Agenda

### 1. Management of Copyrights (commiters, authors)
   - Recent forum discussions highlighted issues related to changing or deleting authors in the code, missing authors in migration scripts, and the distinction between author and committer in Mercurial (HG) history.
   - Three contribution cases were discussed:
      1. Author has commit rights and opens a branch for a feature/bug. The author or someone else integrates the branch. Author and committer are the same.
      2. Transplant from an external HG repo (e.g., iDempiere). Initial author's name is preserved, and the changes are integrated with the integrator's name.
      3. Contribution is a zip file in the tracker. The integrator opens a branch, applies the patch, commits with their name, and integrates with their name.
   - It was agreed upon that the author is responsible for placing their code in the header of their authorship, and it must be documented with a tracker.
   - Release log will include the last committer/author from the code/tracker.

### 2. Service Pack Release
   - The idea is to implement the Service Pack using tools like [StableUpdate](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/StableUpdate) or similar tools to create release patches.
   - Attendees agreed to read the document on the suggested tool and discuss the matter in the next meeting.

### 3. Hotfix Process
   - Discussion on ways to handle the hotfix process.
   - Due to time constraints, a full discussion was postponed to the next meeting.
   - For the next meeting, clarification is needed regarding moving tracker/patch entries to the hotfix branch, including who, what, where, and when.
   - Addressing the issue of fixes left unattended for a prolonged period.

### 4. Service Pack Distribution
   - Discussion on service pack distribution was deferred to the next meeting.

## Meeting Conclusion
- The meeting concluded with discussions about management of copyrights, service pack release tools, the hotfix process, and service pack distribution.

## Next Meeting
- Date: To be determined
- Moderator: To be determined
