---
title: FT/TT meeting minutes Jan 20th 2011
category: Community
star: 9
sticky: 9
tag:
  - Wiki
  - Meetings
article: false
---

# Meeting Minutes

**Date:** 20.01.2011

**Participants:**
- Mario Calder√≥n
- Mark Ostermann
- Teo Sarca
- Tobias Schoeneberg
- Trifon Trifonov
- Victor Perez Juarez

## Mercurial Repositories Layout and Naming Conventions

- **Resolution:** Voting postponed for the next meeting until more research is done.
- Following options were discussed & evaluated:
  - Option 1: adempiere - one repository for Adempiere
  - Option 2: adempiere and version - one repository for Adempiere and version
  - Option 3: Whole project - one big repository for the entire project using sub-repositories
- Contribution projects:
  - Option 1: One repository per contributor and project
  - Option 2: One repository per contributor, including in a big repository per project
- Contribution projects naming conventions: Project/repository should be prefixed/postfixed with the contributing company name.

## Cleaning up HG Folder

- **Resolution:** Old and experimental dead repositories and projects will be deleted.

## Announcement/Request for Contributions

**Aims:**
- Announce again the new contributing procedure.
- Call for contributors.
- Establish the roadmap for the next release.
