---
title: FT/TT meeting minutes Feb 17th 2011
category: Community
star: 9
sticky: 9
tag:
  - Wiki
  - Meetings
article: false
---

## Minutes

**General:**
- **Moderator:** Mario
- **Participants:** Karsten, Mario, Ramiro, Teo, Tobias, Victor.
- **Mercurial directories:**
  - New naming convention announced in a forum post.
  - Some repositories changed names.
  - Announcement planned to change naming accordingly; otherwise, CC will rename.
- **Test framework:**
  - Victor initiated Selenium implementation, created tests.
  - Planned deployment on Jenkins or Huson server.
  - Server needed for testing.
  - Adempiere eV to be asked for server space; Victor and Mario to write request.
  - Reference to wariola's post and Red1's activities.
- **Integration of Bug Fixes and review of new functionality:**
  - Victor sent patches.bundle for testing.
  - Patch application confirmed, no testing yet.
  - Need a testing document.
  - Suggested workflow detailed.
  - Sysnova to be asked about sponsoring a server.
- **Migration Tool:**
  - Considered useful for migration to Adempiere.
  - No tests conducted yet.
  - Code reviewed 4 weeks ago; challenging to improve/change.
  - Proposal to ask Stefan to be official maintainer if he agrees.
  - If accepted, tool announced as official Adempiere migration tool.
  - Karsten to review code.
- **Misc:**
  - Enrique Rubail joining the functional team.
  - Enrique introduced himself, showed interest in joining FT.
  - Unanimous vote: Enrique becomes FT member.
  - Karsten to upload Teo's reviewed/enhanced feature.
- **Next meeting:**
  - **Date & Time:** Thursday, February 24th, same time.
  - **Moderator:** Mark Ostermann

