---
title: FT/TT meeting minutes Jan 6th 2011
category: Community
star: 9
sticky: 9
tag:
  - Wiki
  - Meetings
article: false
---

# Meeting Minutes - General

**Missing:** Ramiro, Paul, Kai, Trifon (had to leave right at the beginning)

## Concept Template

- The development procedure will start with Concept Template Suggestion as the template for documentation/concept that contributions applying for inclusion shall use.
- The template can (and will probably) be subject to constant review and improvement.

## Starting the Software Development Procedure

- The "Software Development Procedure" will be effective as soon as the switch from Subversion (svn) to Mercurial (hg) takes place.
- The first period is assumed to have started on January 1st.

## Switching to Mercurial

- Agreed to apply http://www.adempiere.com/index.php?title=Talk:Software_Development_Procedure&oldid=42466#Sugestion_for_next_steps
- The switch will take place on Friday, January 14th.
- Tobias will ask Tony to do one last update of the hg repo from svn right before the switch takes place. If this is not possible, the hg repo will be updated with the current trunk.

## Announcement

- Announcement of the start of "Software Development Procedure," together with the switch from svn to hg.
- Mario will create a draft of the announcement.
- Tobias will add technical details and publish the announcement on behalf of the PMC teams.

**Next meeting:** Thursday, January 13th, 2011, at the same time (15:00 hours GMT).
**Moderator:** Mark will moderate the meeting.
