---
title: FT/TT meeting minutes Jan 27th 2011
category: Community
star: 9
sticky: 9
tag:
  - Wiki
  - Meetings
article: false
---

# General

Moderator: Tobias
Participants: Karsten, Mario, Mark, Tobias, Victor
Missing: Kai, Michael, Paul, Ramiro, Teo (informed PMC in advance), Trifon

## Mercurial Directories (from last week)

- HG's subdirectory feature doesn't work properly (within sourceforge)
- Each extension and contribution will have its own repo
- Strict naming schema
- Example name: "extension_eevolution_liberohr"

## Patches

- All patches are reviewed before inclusion (mainly by the technical team)
- The following features are also reviewed: rounding and delivery policy
- [Delivery Policy](http://www.adempiere.com/index.php/Delivery_Policy)
- [Rounding](http://www.adempiere.com/index.php/Rounding)

## Test Framework

- Existing POCs
  - [FitnesseSlim](http://www.adempiere.com/index.php/FitnesseSlim)
  - [PMC:QA:Improve_sales_order_POC_with_Sahi](http://www.adempiere.com/index.php/PMC:QA:Improve_sales_order_POC_with_Sahi)
- Distinction between Fitnesse and script-based approaches
- Tobias will explore Fitnesse
- Victor will explore script-based approaches

## HG Repo Permissions

- Still unsolved. The topic is postponed as currently no one can offer the time to explore this subject.

## Next Meeting

We will meet next on Thursday, February 3rd, 2011, at the same time (15:00 hours GMT).
Victor will moderate the next Meeting.
