---
title: FT/TT meeting minutes July 15th 2013
category: Community
star: 9
sticky: 9
tag:
  - Wiki
  - Meetings
article: false
---

## Minutes

## General

- Moderator: Steven Sackett
- Secretary: Suman Ravuri
- Participants: Mario Calderon, Pradeep Lavania, Victor Perez Juarez, Suman Ravuri, Tobias Schoeneberg,John Agudelo, Steven Sackett, Cristina Ghita, Konstantin Herold, later Enrique Ruibal. Not all were present for whole meeting.
- Date / Time: July 17th 2013 / 12:00h - 14:300h GMT
- The meeting closed after 2 hours

## Agenda

- Minutes of Previous Meeting
- Actions taken by RM
- Technical team reviews
- Functional Team reviews
- Actions to be taken
- Next meeting

## Minutes of Previous Meeting

- http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_July_8th_2013
  - The Minutes were adopted subject to the following amendment
- [22:18:44] Victor Perez Juarez: I remember that Suman need create an branch and starting here the merge patch of Trifon and are ready for starting with the inclusion
- [22:19:31] Mario Calderón: you're right.

## Actions taken by RM

1. Integrated trifon patches
2. Integrated Sales management Module. it is under testing
3. Planning to integrate 2 more features in this week, a. Payment allocation to charge b.ash flow

## Technical team reviews

- Victor discussed about automation testing.
- Discussed about using adev servers to for testing
- Suman and Victor will come up with plan for selenium testing
- Tobi informed that ADEMPIERE-195 is ready for technical review
- Tobi gave access to suman and adev jenkins
- Most technical reviews are missing. There is need to work harder in this area.

## Functional Team reviews

- Mario, proposed to integrate libero manufacturing
- John Agudelo reported : “I was reviewing the contributions of WT and I accepted”. And “I would like review autocomplete and gear in window from metas but I have to wait for demo site”.
- Steven informed that he is progressing on costing review

## Actions to be taken

- Victor and Suman will work on to choose between sahi and selenium

## Next meeting

- Monday, July 22nd, 12:00 GMT

## Log

~~~
[7/15/2013 5:30:32 PM] suman ravuri: Hi All
[7/15/2013 5:31:03 PM] Cristina Ghita: Hello!
[7/15/2013 5:31:09 PM] Konstantin Herold: Hi
[7/15/2013 5:31:23 PM] Teodor Sarca: hi all
[7/15/2013 5:32:03 PM] Steven: Hi All
[7/15/2013 5:33:34 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: Hi All
[7/15/2013 5:34:51 PM] Mario Calderón: good morning to all
[7/15/2013 5:36:11 PM] Steven: more attending? do we wait?
[7/15/2013 5:36:55 PM] suman ravuri: let us get started
[7/15/2013 5:37:33 PM] Steven: moderator? secretary?
[7/15/2013 5:37:34 PM] *** Mario Calderón added aos lee ***
[7/15/2013 5:38:56 PM | Edited 5:39:50 PM] Steven: Can someone else be secretary .. I will not be able to stay whole meeting..
[7/15/2013 5:40:18 PM] suman ravuri: I can be secretary
[7/15/2013 5:40:19 PM] Mario Calderón: can you moderate, steven?
[7/15/2013 5:40:38 PM] Mario Calderón: untill you leave
[7/15/2013 5:40:50 PM | Edited 5:41:05 PM] Mario Calderón: then , the meeting will be under way...
[7/15/2013 5:40:54 PM] Steven: sure .. until i go
[7/15/2013 5:41:23 PM] Steven: minutes of previous meeting.  any corrections please?
[7/15/2013 5:41:43 PM] Mario Calderón: 1.- Minutes of Previous Meeting 
http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_July_8th_2013
2.- Actions taken by RM
3.- Technical team reviews
4.- Functional Team reviews
5.- Actions to be taken
6.- Next meeting
[7/15/2013 5:41:55 PM] Steven: thanks..
[7/15/2013 5:42:30 PM] Steven: so, no changes or corrections required?
[7/15/2013 5:42:50 PM] Mario Calderón: not from my part...
[7/15/2013 5:43:14 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: Not from my
[7/15/2013 5:44:02 PM] Steven: @metas_cg ... I do not know all the skype names .. what name to be used in minutes?
[7/15/2013 5:45:10 PM] Steven: ok .. we accept the minutes.
[7/15/2013 5:45:33 PM] Steven: Suman, 2.- Actions taken by RM .. can you pls update us.
[7/15/2013 5:45:40 PM] suman ravuri: 1. Integrated trifon patches
[7/15/2013 5:45:51 PM] Cristina Ghita: metas_cg : Cristina :)
[7/15/2013 5:45:59 PM] suman ravuri: 2. Integrated Sales management Module
[7/15/2013 5:46:05 PM] suman ravuri: it is under testing
[7/15/2013 5:46:42 PM] suman ravuri: 3. Planning to integrate 2 more features in this week
[7/15/2013 5:46:48 PM] suman ravuri: Payment allocation to charge
[7/15/2013 5:46:52 PM] suman ravuri: Cash Flow
[7/15/2013 5:48:29 PM] suman ravuri: any suggestions or inclusions?
[7/15/2013 5:48:54 PM | Edited 5:49:13 PM] Mario Calderón: what about including eEvolution's Libero code, which is already in Adempiere, but just as package?
[7/15/2013 5:49:04 PM] Steven: @Cristina, thanks .. and apology for mis-spelling yr name -- will fix it.
[7/15/2013 5:49:51 PM] Steven: @Suman, can you pls describe the "trifon patches"
[7/15/2013 5:50:29 PM] suman ravuri: He made some bug fixes in 370
[7/15/2013 5:50:37 PM] suman ravuri: and all of them are in SVN
[7/15/2013 5:50:58 PM] Steven: thanks
[7/15/2013 5:51:09 PM] Cristina Ghita: np :)
[7/15/2013 5:51:19 PM] Mario Calderón: Suggestion: I'd like to know if/how the ongoing test branch can be published?
I mean, I've been contacted by many people asking to test or just play around with the "new" branch so they grasp how it will be.
Some have asked how to help testing, like Vassilis and Aos Lee.
I think, the community could be more motivated.
[7/15/2013 5:51:43 PM] suman ravuri: 16.Jun.2013
 Fix for form "Generate Invoices from Shipments (manual)"


07.Jun.2013
 Fixed NullPointerException in window "Order Receipt & Issue"


15.Dec.2012
 New Swing and ZK form: "Generate Invoices from Shipments (manual)"
 New process "Generate Invoices from Shipments"


13.Dec.2012
   ImportPayment ignores Charge during import
 - https://adempiere.atlassian.net/browse/ADEMPIERE-170


20.Nov.2012
   UOM Error on Commission Run when click Create Invoice
 - https://adempiere.atlassian.net/browse/ADEMPIERE-123

   HTTPS port listens on all available addresses, not just configured one
 - https://adempiere.atlassian.net/browse/ADEMPIERE-165


14.Nov.2012
   Pre-select "Prepare" as Document status in forms "Generate Shipments (manual)" and "Generate Invoices (manual)"
[7/15/2013 5:52:20 PM] suman ravuri: these are the fixes
[7/15/2013 5:53:06 PM] suman ravuri: @Mario, http://adempiere.walkingtree.in/admin is planned to allow this kind of testing
[7/15/2013 5:53:53 PM] suman ravuri: I have some issues code update in that server, I am working on it to sort out
[7/15/2013 5:53:57 PM] Mario Calderón: great! then we need to be published, so everybody knows
[7/15/2013 5:54:34 PM] Steven: Suman, can you give an indication of when it might be available?
[7/15/2013 5:55:10 PM] suman ravuri: By thursday it will have the server will latest code chages
[7/15/2013 5:55:26 PM] suman ravuri: i.e. 18th July 2013
[7/15/2013 5:57:21 PM | Edited 5:57:36 PM] Steven: Can I ask whether you used the xml migration to get sales management changes into the system?
[7/15/2013 5:57:55 PM] suman ravuri: Not able to use XML migration properly
[7/15/2013 5:58:09 PM] suman ravuri: Planning to reach Paul Bowden
[7/15/2013 5:58:37 PM] Mario Calderón: @Suman: when it is ready, can you also announce it in an extra forum thread, along with the other sites available (Adaxa, eEvolution, OFB).
@Meta's members: when will the site be ready to test the contributions?
[7/15/2013 5:58:49 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: [Monday, July 15, 2013 5:57 PM] suman ravuri: 

<<< Not able to use XML migration properlyi think we used the " sales management changes" XML file to test our refactoring of the XML migration
[7/15/2013 5:59:01 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: it should be avaiable for technical review
[7/15/2013 5:59:47 PM] suman ravuri: @Tobi, Do you have few minutes time after call, we will go over it once
[7/15/2013 6:00:09 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: yes, i'm currently clarifying/making sure with my collegue
[7/15/2013 6:00:18 PM] suman ravuri: ok
[7/15/2013 6:01:29 PM | Edited 6:01:37 PM] Steven: @Suman, the reason I asked was to see if the sales management import would also "prove" the xml migration functionality.
[7/15/2013 6:01:53 PM] suman ravuri: I did not start with that intetion
[7/15/2013 6:02:09 PM] suman ravuri: I tried to upload XML, but that did not work
[7/15/2013 6:02:25 PM] suman ravuri: but that will be good one to start
[7/15/2013 6:02:43 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: [Monday, July 15, 2013 5:58 PM] Mario Calderón: 

<<< @Meta's members: when will the site be ready to test the contributions?sorry, can't give you a date..but obvoisly we would like to have it in the release, so it's paining me at least as much as it's paining you..
[7/15/2013 6:02:44 PM] Mario Calderón: @Suman: can you check it with Adaxa/Toni?
[7/15/2013 6:02:49 PM] suman ravuri: Wil work with Tobi and share update you
[7/15/2013 6:02:55 PM] Mario Calderón: instead of solving it here?
[7/15/2013 6:03:13 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: I testing of sales management using XML migración in my build and All work perfect
[7/15/2013 6:03:21 PM] suman ravuri: @mario, that is the plan
[7/15/2013 6:03:40 PM | Edited 6:03:52 PM] Mario Calderón: @Tobi: the question was , because we were told that "a site would be ready in the next days"
[7/15/2013 6:03:45 PM] suman ravuri: I am planning to work with Tobi after ths call
[7/15/2013 6:04:19 PM] Steven: @Suman .. thanks .. lets leave the migration for another time
[7/15/2013 6:04:30 PM] Steven: Next item?
[7/15/2013 6:04:34 PM] Mario Calderón: are we done with 
2.- Actions taken by RM
?
[7/15/2013 6:04:48 PM] suman ravuri: done from my end
[7/15/2013 6:06:29 PM] Steven: Ok  Technical Team Reviews...
[7/15/2013 6:06:57 PM] Steven: anyone have news to report?
[7/15/2013 6:07:43 PM] Steven: Cristina, did you get the feedback from yr questions on hashing?
[7/15/2013 6:08:10 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: I was working in entable of test sahi environment  may be id good ida to enable in this branch for registre of test
[7/15/2013 6:09:41 PM] suman ravuri: Can we discuss on why can't selenium?
[7/15/2013 6:09:45 PM] Cristina Ghita: @Steven: yes, it was clarified in wiki page
Thanks!
[7/15/2013 6:09:57 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: I know that karsten finish your revisión with forecast magramente
[7/15/2013 6:10:09 PM] suman ravuri: Selenium is more open compared to Sahi
[7/15/2013 6:10:47 PM] suman ravuri: when we did analysis as in our company, we took decision to use selenium?
[7/15/2013 6:11:04 PM] suman ravuri: [Monday, July 15, 2013 6:10 PM] suman ravuri: 

<<<  we took decision to use selenium
[7/15/2013 6:11:29 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: Yes but i only can make work with sahi.
[7/15/2013 6:11:52 PM] suman ravuri: @Steven, If you think we can make this discussion in another channel I am ok with it
[7/15/2013 6:12:26 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: [Monday, July 15, 2013 6:09 PM] suman ravuri: 

<<< Can we discuss on why can't selenium?imho any way of automating tests that works would be great
[7/15/2013 6:12:28 PM] Steven: no .. its ok, I am enjoying the rest
[7/15/2013 6:12:57 PM | Edited 6:13:27 PM] Mario Calderón: from my experience, I can say that testing with Sahi is not straight-forward. It is a real PITA and I am not quite happy with it
[7/15/2013 6:13:06 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: I got a bug report by Steven for engine costing
[7/15/2013 6:13:10 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: and need review and fix
[7/15/2013 6:13:48 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: About the forecast management I think that we can integrate into of RM branch
[7/15/2013 6:14:14 PM] Mario Calderón: Mike McKay is very accomplished on it: perhaps he could share his experience with us
[7/15/2013 6:14:14 PM] Steven: re Sahi vs Seelenium ... perhaps better offline.  Can I ask who has an interest to be involved in deciding this matter and can reprt back?
[7/15/2013 6:15:04 PM] Steven: so, Mike would be a good resource, Suman, Victor,  Tobi??
[7/15/2013 6:15:25 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: I ask to Mike Mackay and give some tips , I create a java script functions and now are work perfectly
[7/15/2013 6:15:50 PM] suman ravuri: I am interested
[7/15/2013 6:15:53 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: but the most important is that reinstall out server testing integration
[7/15/2013 6:16:00 PM] suman ravuri: I can wotk with team
[7/15/2013 6:16:27 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: all the problem is because sahi not know how wait until a ajax event is finish
[7/15/2013 6:16:56 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: but I can solve this with a function that detect of process it from ui
[7/15/2013 6:17:27 PM] Steven: @Victor, @Suman .. are you guys going to come to an agreement now .. or is it a subject for offline discussion by the experts?
[7/15/2013 6:18:02 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: but I can solve this issue create other function, in the case of selenium , I can not make to work because is based on other aproach
[7/15/2013 6:18:31 PM] suman ravuri: @steven, it needs a good discussion, I will initiate thread with other team members
[7/15/2013 6:18:55 PM | Edited 6:19:54 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: @Steven agree, only want ask if we can restore our jenkies integration server
[7/15/2013 6:20:01 PM] Steven: ok .. thanks ... Sahi/Selenium .. offline discussion then
[7/15/2013 6:20:24 PM] Steven: Jenkins integration .. comments?
[7/15/2013 6:20:44 PM] suman ravuri: I am using Jenkins internally for nightly build
[7/15/2013 6:20:53 PM] suman ravuri: for adempiere.walingtree.in
[7/15/2013 6:21:02 PM] suman ravuri: but that is not anonymous
[7/15/2013 6:21:23 PM] suman ravuri: I can create specific users give access
[7/15/2013 6:21:28 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: Suman the Adve . have of infrastructure to deployment this public way
[7/15/2013 6:21:51 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: in past we made this
[7/15/2013 6:22:06 PM] Steven: @Victor .. yes .. we do not make best use of that capability at moment
[7/15/2013 6:22:54 PM] Steven: @Suman, is this sometyhing you need to think about and then advise us?
[7/15/2013 6:23:57 PM] suman ravuri: Plublic access I need think as all my company applications are also running from same jenkins
[7/15/2013 6:24:05 PM] suman ravuri: I will get back to you on this
[7/15/2013 6:24:09 PM] Mario Calderón: any solution here?
[7/15/2013 6:24:15 PM] Mario Calderón: for Adempiere?
[7/15/2013 6:24:20 PM] suman ravuri: or I need to come with new jekins instane altogethe
[7/15/2013 6:24:56 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: We would ask of AdeV if we can have access old server for install
[7/15/2013 6:25:34 PM] suman ravuri: If some one can provide server, i will be able to write required jobs in jenkins
[7/15/2013 6:25:44 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: i think there is still an  adev-server with jenking running on it..
[7/15/2013 6:25:58 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: i can check (soon ;) )
[7/15/2013 6:26:45 PM] Mario Calderón: anything more to technical reviews?
[7/15/2013 6:26:57 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: I remember this servers
[7/15/2013 6:26:58 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.adempiere.com/Bug_Month_May_2011
[7/15/2013 6:27:30 PM] Mario Calderón: 
4.- Functional Team reviews
[7/15/2013 6:27:38 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: http://asds1.adempiere.de:8080/job/adempiere-stabilization/
[7/15/2013 6:27:45 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: yes, taht's it
[7/15/2013 6:28:12 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: would give access to RM to mount here of release  branch
[7/15/2013 6:28:56 PM] Steven: @Tobi .. who manages the ADempiere e.V. machines?
[7/15/2013 6:29:18 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: @Steven: you can take a wild guess ;)
[7/15/2013 6:29:31 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: but i have access to the jenkins machine
[7/15/2013 6:29:40 PM] Mario Calderón: it is Tobi
[7/15/2013 6:29:49 PM] Steven: yes .. that was not a very subtle question was it?
[7/15/2013 6:29:54 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: no, afaik it's norbert :)
[7/15/2013 6:30:23 PM] Steven: well I assume that the resource can be made availble for this job?
[7/15/2013 6:30:25 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: we managed them together with needle58 and dominik
[7/15/2013 6:30:39 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: [Monday, July 15, 2013 6:30 PM] Steven: 

<<< well I assume that the resource can be made availble for this job?yes, defenitely
[7/15/2013 6:31:12 PM] Mario Calderón: any other comment to Technical Reviews? 
Has a technical review been finished?
[7/15/2013 6:31:34 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: Mario I want ask if I can integrate libero branch of core
[7/15/2013 6:31:47 PM] Mario Calderón: When I see the wiki page, most contributios have been tested functionally, but almost none technically
[7/15/2013 6:31:49 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: fyi, https://adempiere.atlassian.net/browse/ADEMPIERE-195 is ready for technical review, too
[7/15/2013 6:32:07 PM] Mario Calderón: @Tobi: thanks
[7/15/2013 6:32:18 PM] Steven: Can I ask for an action for Tobi and Suman to advise us at next meeting on how the ADempiere eV machine can be used for 380 build
[7/15/2013 6:32:31 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: Ihas been a headache trying to work with multiple repositories that are out of sync
[7/15/2013 6:33:15 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: @Steven: yes, i think so :)
[7/15/2013 6:33:28 PM] suman ravuri: @stevn agree
[7/15/2013 6:33:38 PM | Edited 6:33:41 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: @Suman: can you pls sign up at http://asds1.adempiere.de:8080/, then i can give you some rights
[7/15/2013 6:33:43 PM] suman ravuri: sure
[7/15/2013 6:33:48 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: to set up build jobs
[7/15/2013 6:34:01 PM] Steven: Ok more Technical or can we move to Functional?
[7/15/2013 6:34:08 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: on the other hand I want to release under creative commons, all available documentation we have of  Libero Payroll and Manufacturing, in the past this was a problem
[7/15/2013 6:35:47 PM] Steven: @Victor " we have of  Libero Payroll and Manufacturing"  if you wrote it why cant you release under whatver licence you want  .. could also be released under two licences if necessary for some reason.
[7/15/2013 6:36:10 PM] Steven: so Functional?
[7/15/2013 6:36:23 PM] Steven: any one with Functional matter to report?
[7/15/2013 6:37:50 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: @Steven, libero was release as GPL and I want release my english  and spanish documentation for this functionality  under creative commons
[7/15/2013 6:37:54 PM] Mario Calderón: Enrique tested OFB's Payment Request: http://www.adempiere.com/Payment_Request#Functional_team.
He says, it has to change a couple of items before it is included.
[7/15/2013 6:39:30 PM] Mario Calderón: I haven't seen any further funcional reviews
[7/15/2013 6:40:17 PM] Mario Calderón: @Steven: last meeting it was asked if you could make available the "Freicht calculation"
[7/15/2013 6:41:04 PM] Steven: re Freight Calculation .. will be a week or two before we can provide due to some other committments
[7/15/2013 6:41:18 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: @Tobi , I will review the https://adempiere.atlassian.net/browse/ADEMPIERE-195
[7/15/2013 6:41:27 PM | Edited 6:41:43 PM] Steven: we discussed it internally today and its a resource issue for us
[7/15/2013 6:42:04 PM] Mario Calderón: yes... it always amounts to it...
[7/15/2013 6:42:13 PM] Mario Calderón: anyway, the functional reviews are done to a great extent. It is the technical reviews which lag behind.
[7/15/2013 6:43:11 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: @Victor: thx :)
[7/15/2013 6:43:13 PM] Steven: As Victor noted we are still working on reviewing costing.
[7/15/2013 6:44:11 PM] Victor Perez Juarez:  @Steven, Thank you I will fix of bug report
[7/15/2013 6:44:46 PM] Steven: Noted Victor's comment about whether his approach is too specific for Central America .. we are looking at whether Victor's new structure will allow us to 'plug in' more than one method so we can have different solution for different locations
[7/15/2013 6:45:37 PM] Steven: Victor .. do you think this will be possible for us?
[7/15/2013 6:45:58 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: @Steven , it is possible because is based on create an implementation
[7/15/2013 6:47:57 PM] Mario Calderón: .. I think this is also a matter to be discussed offline?
Susanne says, that an agreement is "probable".
[7/15/2013 6:48:31 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: the different between Latin America and  Anglo-Saxon way is that the last , Not need revaluate all subsequent transaction when a early transaction or reverse document is performance
[7/15/2013 6:49:41 PM] Steven: We will finish the review on costing and report back later .. just letting the group know that we are working on this
[7/15/2013 6:49:42 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: so it should be possible using the of flag Is COGS Adjustment in OFF or ON
[7/15/2013 6:50:26 PM] Steven: thanks .. any other Functional item comments?
[7/15/2013 6:50:30 PM] Mario Calderón: just an additional information: Aos Lee and Vassilis Raccoonia expressed their intention to help testing, though not within the FT.

if no other comments on Functional Team Review, let's move on to.
[7/15/2013 6:51:21 PM] Mario Calderón: Perhaps with WT's site containing the new branch, other can help testing
[7/15/2013 6:51:24 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: will be good in in future create the Testing Team
[7/15/2013 6:51:52 PM] Mario Calderón: 
5.- Actions to be taken
[7/15/2013 6:51:53 PM] suman ravuri: http://asds1.adempiere.de:8080/job/adempiere-3.8.0/1/console
[7/15/2013 6:52:05 PM] suman ravuri: sorry wrong window
[7/15/2013 6:52:11 PM] Mario Calderón: @Suman: what is this?
[7/15/2013 6:52:35 PM] Mario Calderón: are we now at 
5.- Actions to be taken
?
[7/15/2013 6:53:05 PM] suman ravuri: I created a new jekins job
[7/15/2013 6:53:21 PM] suman ravuri: it is failing, thought of reporting to Tobi
[7/15/2013 6:53:28 PM] suman ravuri: leave it
[7/15/2013 6:53:29 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: yes and can see that is based on JDK6
[7/15/2013 6:53:36 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: may be need migrate JDK7
[7/15/2013 6:53:50 PM] suman ravuri: Will take it offline
[7/15/2013 6:54:12 PM] Steven: as Mario says ....   5.- Actions to be taken
[7/15/2013 6:54:45 PM] Steven: Steven .. report back on Freight Calc and finish costing review...
[7/15/2013 6:54:55 PM] Steven: others?
[7/15/2013 6:55:41 PM | Edited 6:57:22 PM] Mario Calderón: I'd like that Suman includes in the branch the Code of Libero. It is now as package in use and it is better for maintaining, testing, debuggin, etc. to have the code.

This shoul not be a big issue, as the integration works right now.
[7/15/2013 6:55:59 PM | Edited 6:56:27 PM] Steven: Suman has nominated some tasks earlier for next items to be integrated .. and now Jenkins ... and agree SAHI/Selenium with other technical discussion
[7/15/2013 6:57:57 PM] Steven: @Mario ... I realise that Libero is in use but are there also Functional and Technical reviews to be done or are they now considered done because of experience with it?
[7/15/2013 6:58:48 PM] Mario Calderón: yes, I can document them
[7/15/2013 6:58:55 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: release was always half-built, all changes are in her core dictionary, but the code was always kept separate by the refusal of former PMC
[7/15/2013 6:59:01 PM] Mario Calderón: extensive experiences
[7/15/2013 6:59:37 PM] Mario Calderón: the model is already included
[7/15/2013 6:59:48 PM] Mario Calderón: in Adempiere core
[7/15/2013 7:00:49 PM] Mario Calderón: I will document the Functional and Technical review and Suman can start integrating
[7/15/2013 7:01:25 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: moreover one of our main differentiators of idempiere is that them have removed libero of his linea pronacipal, always was said that for lack of doucmentación, since we are now clear in our positions, interests me much release my documentation to the community...
[7/15/2013 7:01:57 PM | Edited 7:02:07 PM] Steven: @Mario ... thanks for advice.  Are there others who can contribute to the review also?
[7/15/2013 7:02:16 PM] Mario Calderón: we can ask Enrique
[7/15/2013 7:02:40 PM] Mario Calderón: he has also hands-on experience with Libero
[7/15/2013 7:02:50 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: So for example of forecast management is close integrate to MRP , because of entry for create the Master Production Schedule
[7/15/2013 7:02:55 PM | Edited 7:03:13 PM] Steven: @Mario  .. ok .. thanks
[7/15/2013 7:03:36 PM] suman ravuri: Sth I will start integration after I get feedback from TT and FT team?
[7/15/2013 7:04:00 PM] Mario Calderón: after the review is documented
[7/15/2013 7:04:05 PM] suman ravuri: ok
[7/15/2013 7:04:24 PM] Steven: Any other matters or are we finished?
[7/15/2013 7:04:38 PM] Mario Calderón: not from my side....
[7/15/2013 7:04:48 PM] Steven: Others?
[7/15/2013 7:04:56 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: not from my side
[7/15/2013 7:05:12 PM] Steven: @Suman ... any thing else you need?
[7/15/2013 7:05:21 PM] suman ravuri: as of now no
[7/15/2013 7:05:49 PM] Steven: thanks .. lets close the meeting .. seems they are getting shorter :)
[7/15/2013 7:06:01 PM] suman ravuri: :)
[7/15/2013 7:06:15 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: ok see you later guys
[7/15/2013 7:06:42 PM] Steven: @Suman .. you are Secretary also ;)
[7/15/2013 7:06:45 PM] Steven: bye
[7/15/2013 7:07:03 PM] suman ravuri: yes
[7/15/2013 7:07:14 PM] suman ravuri: bye
[7/15/2013 7:07:35 PM] Mario Calderón: bye
[7/15/2013 7:07:44 PM] Cristina Ghita: bye all
[7/15/2013 7:15:21 PM] Tobias Schoeneberg: bye
~~~