---
title: FT/TT meeting minutes October 1st 2013
category: Community
star: 9
sticky: 9
tag:
  - Wiki
  - Meetings
article: false
---

## Minutes

**General**
- Moderator: Cristina Ghita
- Secretary: Mario Calderon
- Participants: Cristina Ghita, Mario Calderon, Suman Ravuri, Victor Perez, Steven Sackett, Mike McKay, Tobias Schöneberg
- Date / Time: Tuesday, September 24th 2013 / 12:00h - 13:15h GMT
- The meeting closed after 2 hours 4 mins

**Agenda**
1. Minutes of Previous Meeting
2. Actions taken by RM
3. Technical team reviews
4. Functional Team reviews
5. Actions to be taken
6. Misc
7. Next meeting

**Minutes of Previous Meeting**
- [Previous Meeting Minutes](http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_September_24th_2013)

**Actions taken by RM**
- Date Range Lookup is completed, Unit testing is completed. Yet to check in code. Will be done by tomorrow.
- Horizontal Tabs is completed, Unit testing is completed. Yet to check in code. Will be done by tomorrow.
- Manufacturing Light is completed. Got all the pieces in place, completed basic testing. will create a new branch in the next two days on top of 380rc1
- Pedro's report writer improvements. In progress. Waiting for Pedro to respond. If Pedro will not respond I will generate these migration scripts

**Technical team reviews**
- Not any announced

**Functional team reviews**
- Not any announced

**Misc**
- Cristina (Metas) committed
  - Best practices and improvements (branch: ADEMPIERE-195)
  - Autocomplete for swing (zk not yet) (branch: ADEMPIERE-191)
- Still missing is instance to review gear box
- Problems with repository
- Cristina encountered some errors (merging code after manufacturing subrepo)
- Mike McKay also had some errors (I'm using windows and can clone the git repository without a problem. HG fails in the update with an invalid file error or a note that the org.eevolution.manufacturing directory exists and is not empty.)
- Victor has no problems
- Mario has no problems ([Issue Link](https://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/discussion/610548/thread/502bc2e3/?limit=25))
- Tobias Schöneberg has problems
- Suman Ravuri has no problems
- It has to be solved ASAP. There are two approaches.
- Release 3.8 will contain Postgres 9.3
- Official test starting next week

**Next meeting**
- Tuesday, October 08th 2013 / 12:00h. GMT

## Log

Following is the meeting log - time is in GMT -6

~~~
Tuesday, 1 October 2013
[06:00:03] suman ravuri: Hi All
[06:00:35] Trifon Trifonov: hi
[06:00:43] Victor Perez Juarez: Hi Suman
[06:01:04] Mario Calderón: hello everybody!
[06:01:29] suman ravuri: Hi Victor, Good Morning
[06:01:56] Cristina Ghita: Hi!
[06:03:24] Mario Calderón: let's wait a couple of minutes?
[06:10:08] Mario Calderón: should we begin?
[06:14:05] Michael McKay: Morning/Evening everyone.  I'll be in and out during the meeting.
[06:14:31] Mario Calderón: hi Mike, NP
[06:14:58] Mario Calderón: Suman, Trifon, Victor, Cristina: should we begin?
[06:15:11] suman ravuri: yes
[06:15:25] Mario Calderón: ok
[06:15:35] Cristina Ghita: yes
[06:15:56] Mario Calderón: I can be again the secretary.

Cristina was a very good moderator... can you?
[06:16:22] Cristina Ghita: ;) ok, I guess
[06:16:34] Cristina Ghita: let me check mintues from last meeting
[06:16:48] Mario Calderón: Minutes of Previous Meeting

    http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_September_24th_2013
[06:16:59] Cristina Ghita: ok
[06:17:01] Cristina Ghita: thanks
[06:17:35] Cristina Ghita: So:

---------------------

Agenda
[06:18:12] Cristina Ghita: Minutes of Previous Meeting

  [15:17:36] Mario Calderón:   http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_September_24th_2013



<<< 

Actions taken by RM

Technical team reviews

Functional Team reviews

Actions to be taken

Misc

  -   Release ?

Next meeting
[06:18:41] Cristina Ghita: First point
[06:18:51] Cristina Ghita: Actions taken by RM
[06:19:15] suman ravuri: Date Range Lookup is completed, Unit testing is completed. Yet to check in code. Will be done by tomorrow.

Horizontal Tabs is completed, Unit testing is completed. Yet to check in code. Will be done by tomorrow.

Manufacturing Light is completed. Got all the peices in place, completed basic testing. will create new branch in next two days on top of 380rc1

Pedro's report writer improvements. Inprogress. Waiting for Pedro to repsond. If Pedro will not respond I will generate these migration scripts
[06:20:37] Victor Perez Juarez: Suman about of date Range Looup
[06:20:45] Victor Perez Juarez: is was complete where ?
[06:20:57] Victor Perez Juarez: and Horizontal Tabs is completed
[06:20:59] Victor Perez Juarez: ?
[06:21:25] suman ravuri: I mean integration is completed at code level. I am yet to check in code
[06:21:43] suman ravuri: I was able test with my elipse with code base i have
[06:22:34] Mario Calderón: @Suman: " integration is completed at code level. I am yet to check in code" : what does it mean ?
[06:23:16] suman ravuri: in 380/rc1 code base I made changes to get this features working
[06:23:36] suman ravuri: but I am yet commit or push changes
[06:23:43] Mario Calderón: ..and you must commit..
[06:23:45] suman ravuri: commit and push changes
[06:23:47] Mario Calderón: ok understood
[06:23:56] suman ravuri: I have minor issue at my end
[06:24:00] Victor Perez Juarez: haaaa
[06:24:05] suman ravuri: which I can solve
[06:24:31] suman ravuri: all code will be committed and pushed late in the night or tomorrow morning
[06:24:43] Victor Perez Juarez: the 2 contribution Is completed by swing too?
[06:25:03] suman ravuri: date range will work in swing
[06:25:07] suman ravuri: and webui
[06:25:19] suman ravuri: but horiznatal tabs only on webui
[06:25:32] suman ravuri: but it will not disturb swing
[06:25:40] suman ravuri: as it is based on included tabs
[06:26:07] Victor Perez Juarez: ok
[06:27:24] Victor Perez Juarez: is right to maintain different functionalities to swing ui and others to zk?
[06:28:17] suman ravuri: in case of horizantal tabs i do not see issue as webui and swing can represent data in different ways
[06:28:49] suman ravuri: but i can give a try to make this working in swing
[06:28:58] Cristina Ghita: ok
[06:29:01] suman ravuri: data wise no change
[06:29:05] Cristina Ghita: anything else on this point?
[06:29:43] Victor Perez Juarez: the question if we continue synchronize both uis, so far was in this way
[06:30:09] suman ravuri: I will give a try and  update you during this week
[06:30:10] Mario Calderón: can it be discussed in a technical thread?
[06:30:19] suman ravuri: yes
[06:30:40] suman ravuri: Myself and Victor will work on it
[06:30:43] Cristina Ghita: ok
[06:30:46] Cristina Ghita: then secodn point
[06:30:48] Cristina Ghita: Technical team reviews
[06:31:01] Cristina Ghita: any work on this point?
[06:31:32] Cristina Ghita: I don't see anything new
[06:31:47] Mario Calderón: neither me
[06:32:05] Cristina Ghita: ok
[06:32:07] Cristina Ghita: Functional Team reviews
[06:32:11] Cristina Ghita: news?
[06:33:10] Cristina Ghita: I guess that;s a NO
[06:33:17] Mario Calderón: nothing: I'd like to ask about the contributions by Metas: we need a listing of all contributions integrated in the instance to review them.
[06:33:31] Mario Calderón: I'd review them
[06:33:46] Mario Calderón: (an old question)
[06:34:01] Cristina Ghita: unfortunetly we did not succed to advance much
[06:35:27] Cristina Ghita: so for thsi release I think we will have only

* gear box

* best practices and improvements

* autocommplete for swing (zk is not - if I succed to fix today.. will be full)
[06:36:04] Cristina Ghita: we have lots of problems to merge code after manufacturing subrepo
[06:36:12] Cristina Ghita: was a bit of showstopper
[06:36:41] Cristina Ghita: I need to ask Tobi of what is exactly at this moment on the instace
[06:36:45] Mario Calderón: have you takeld to Victor?
[06:37:41] Cristina Ghita: just of forum
[06:37:53] Cristina Ghita: we undesrtoof that we need git installed and git accounts
[06:38:05] Cristina Ghita: and Teo can create accoutns for that
[06:38:14] Cristina Ghita: but Teo was in vacation last week
[06:38:33] Mario Calderón: ok.
[06:39:10] Cristina Ghita: so, I really to push FW all this... but at this moment, this is what we are abl;e to contirbute
[06:39:26] Cristina Ghita: Hope that the rest will ready for the next release
[06:40:36] Victor Perez Juarez: about of issue with repository
[06:41:05] Victor Perez Juarez: the main issue is that mercurial no are support as I hope of subrepository
[06:41:35] Victor Perez Juarez: is necessary delete local directory of sub repository each that you switch between branches
[06:42:44] Cristina Ghita: even with deleting the repo I got some error
[06:43:50] Cristina Ghita: for example switch from branch ADEPIERE-191 to release branch
[06:43:54] Cristina Ghita: Warning: Permanently added the RSA host key for IP address '192.30.252.130' to the list of known hosts.

Permission denied (publickey).

fatal: Could not read from remote repository.



Please make sure you have the correct access rights

and the repository exists.



Warning: Permanently added the RSA host key for IP address '192.30.252.130' to the list of known hosts.

Permission denied (publickey).

fatal: Could not read from remote repository.



Please make sure you have the correct access rights

and the repository exists.
[06:44:15] Victor Perez Juarez: yes it is other error
[06:44:45] Victor Perez Juarez: you need have right access
[06:44:53] Cristina Ghita: and I don;t think is ok to be obligged to create a git accoutn just for switch or pull
[06:45:16] Victor Perez Juarez: in this case need add you key security in git account
[06:45:31] Victor Perez Juarez: in this moment is this way
[06:46:14] Victor Perez Juarez: because the sub repository was created with ssh access , I would change to public http read only
[06:46:45] Cristina Ghita: if that will escape us of some headaches, don;t see why not
[06:46:50] Victor Perez Juarez: other option is remove the .subrepository and only that the main contributor use to continue with development
[06:46:51] Michael McKay: I'm using windows and can clone the git repository without problem.  HG fails in the update with an invalid file error or a note that the org.eevolution.manufacturing director exists and is not empty.
[06:47:17] Mario Calderón: can somebody document this so others can avoid these problems?
[06:48:01] Victor Perez Juarez: @Mike , yes because try synchronize with git
[06:48:06] Cristina Ghita: or Victor, just do it public with read only
[06:48:24] Victor Perez Juarez: if you delete of directory then will try make a pull
[06:48:33] Victor Perez Juarez: and this solve of issue
[06:49:06] Victor Perez Juarez: in  your case not should had some issue because have github user
[06:49:22] Victor Perez Juarez: ok I need testing this
[06:49:40] Victor Perez Juarez: let review and check with Mario we had pending this task
[06:50:23] Michael McKay: When I do the hg pull, nothing gets updated. What should I see when I do this?
[06:50:43] Victor Perez Juarez: the dilemma of all this is to try to keep the story of commints
[06:51:31] suman ravuri: @Victor, my suggestion would be not to have history in case it creating issues with repository
[06:51:35] Victor Perez Juarez: she you make pull , in tis moment detect that exist an sub repository
[06:52:03] Victor Perez Juarez: mercurial let management sub repository in any other technology in this case git
[06:52:16] suman ravuri: I would like to have history but not at cost of repository stability
[06:52:28] Victor Perez Juarez: then when detect the git sub repository try pull of sub repository
[06:55:58] Victor Perez Juarez: is actually sub repositories using git or mercurial, but I see that this is complicating the management and many want nothing to do with git, so I think it's best to disable subrepositorios
[06:55:59] Michael McKay: That is my problem.  The hg update that works doesn't have the sub repo.  I can see the sub repo in the pulled branches but I can't update to those branches.  I think I need an intermediate step - a commit that deletes the org.eevolution.manufacturing directory completely followed by a commit that adds the sub repo.
[06:56:43] Victor Perez Juarez: I am using http://www.sourcetreeapp.com/ and it have not issue with subrepository
[06:57:01] Victor Perez Juarez: but can understand that not all can install this software
[06:57:04] suman ravuri: but it not working even in windows
[06:57:58] Mario Calderón: a question: what if we postpone this subrepository thing and leave it as it was???
[06:58:16] Mario Calderón: I think it is NOT a must right now
[06:58:35] Mario Calderón: perhaps in the future, but it creates lots of problems
[06:58:40] Victor Perez Juarez: the problem is that we had conflict because the new class is commit in mercurial news files , but same time are as sub repository
[06:58:48] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): the problem why you use the subrepo, instead of extenal repo is that libero needs adempiere-base, and the adempiere build-all-process needs libero..so it's a cyclic dependency between adempiere and libero, right?
[06:59:09] Mario Calderón: so I suggest to commit as it as it was in the original branch and for the next release we test and try out
[06:59:15] Mario Calderón: What do you think?
[06:59:44] Victor Perez Juarez: @Tobi, yes it was a big issue
[07:00:05] Victor Perez Juarez: the idea of integrate al code is solve this issue and was solve
[07:00:35] Victor Perez Juarez: but I think that it can solve if I reactive the sub repository feature
[07:01:28] Cristina Ghita: Ok. So which is the conclusion?
[07:01:45] Cristina Ghita: How we proceed for this release?
[07:03:13] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): my suggestion would be to remove the subrepo and just "dump" the current libero code into adempiere...for next release, we split up the adempiere-build process
[07:03:30] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): into compile (base etc) and assembly
[07:03:42] Victor Perez Juarez: So I think that more easy is ignore  .hgsub
[07:04:03] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): then there could be many compile jobs, for base, libero, dunning..and one assembly job
[07:04:05] Victor Perez Juarez: all the user no need of sub repository functionality
[07:05:14] Victor Perez Juarez: so that I can ignore of  .hgsub this way I think that other can clone without some issue
[07:05:41] Cristina Ghita: Pros/Cons ?
[07:06:21] Victor Perez Juarez: the pros is that any development that want work with payroll and manufacturing need use git
[07:06:32] Victor Perez Juarez: and commit in this project n in mercuial
[07:06:39] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [15:06:02] Victor Perez Juarez:  ignore of  .hgsub 



<<< (sorry when this was already clear) you amean add .hgsub to .hgignore?
[07:07:18] Victor Perez Juarez: @Tobi , yes it is the idea add .hgsub into  .hgignore
[07:07:53] Victor Perez Juarez: this way mercurial should ignore the sub repository
[07:08:27] suman ravuri: does it solve circular dependency?
[07:08:31] suman ravuri: issue?
[07:08:51] Victor Perez Juarez: the circular dependency was solve in the last commit
[07:08:59] Victor Perez Juarez: for payroll and manufacturing
[07:09:36] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [15:08:05] Victor Perez Juarez: @Tobi , yes it is the idea add .hgsub into  .hgignore



<<< hm..would be ok for me as an ad-hoc solution..i still think the other solution i proposed is better, but i guess i'm free to create a jira issue and implement it for next release ;-)
[07:09:42] Victor Perez Juarez: now all project compile without issue
[07:10:50] Victor Perez Juarez: @Tobi the problem is that the changes was propagate
[07:11:00] Victor Perez Juarez: to central repository
[07:11:18] Victor Perez Juarez: try now rollback all tho change is more work that solve the issue
[07:14:24] Mario Calderón: are we finished with this problem?
[07:14:26] Victor Perez Juarez: also with the last commit is compiling correctly every project with the integration of manufacturing and payroll,  all scripts were consolidated into a single directory and the view were synchronized with the db directory
[07:14:49] Cristina Ghita: Ok
[07:15:13] Cristina Ghita: Then, Victor, pls add hgsub to ignore
[07:15:13] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): ah, maybe one more thing

@suman: can you still build the whole thing with the libero subrepo?
[07:15:38] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): because on adsd1 (without git-support) it currently doesn't work
[07:15:53] suman ravuri: I was able to launch with in eclipse
[07:16:20] Victor Perez Juarez: @Suman , yes with eclipse no is issue
[07:16:29] suman ravuri: I did not try building a ear recently
[07:16:48] Victor Perez Juarez: but the last comping you can not execute a complete dev_utils/build.xml
[07:17:27] Victor Perez Juarez: it is a gold rule, the project always should compile
[07:18:08] Cristina Ghita: Then if it works the build, go with Victor's version, if not, go with Tobi's version. WDYT?
[07:18:32] Victor Perez Juarez: she some people modify any view , also should modify the source view for oracle and postgresql
[07:19:05] Victor Perez Juarez: I saw for example that the Mike contribution , he modify some views
[07:19:18] Victor Perez Juarez: but it not was synchronize with db/ddutils
[07:20:22] Victor Perez Juarez: I use some hours to synchronize the views that are into of sql script to update also of db/ddlutils
[07:21:19] suman ravuri: @Victor, RM will do that or contributor will do this work generally?
[07:21:37] suman ravuri: updating db/ddlutils?
[07:22:09] Victor Perez Juarez: in general is a our best practical
[07:22:23] Cristina Ghita: Contributor
[07:22:44] Cristina Ghita: But might escape somwtimes..
[07:23:43] Victor Perez Juarez: to keep healthy our code when adding a contribution
[07:24:57] Victor Perez Juarez: @Cris is a rule , if you modify a view also need modify the source of view
[07:25:24] Cristina Ghita: yes, I know
[07:25:41] Cristina Ghita: but I said, that sometime myght escape, and the intiial contributor shoudl fix it
[07:25:46] Victor Perez Juarez: this was always  from compiere, the same applies to any function
[07:26:08] Victor Perez Juarez: some contributor I think that not know
[07:26:46] Cristina Ghita: yes, or other; but mainly who contributed should maintein proper hsi work
[07:26:49] Cristina Ghita: right?
[07:26:52] Victor Perez Juarez: is part of process of contribute, I Mike know that if need add a view or modify then need change the source
[07:27:22] Cristina Ghita: anyway, is not the point now
[07:27:29] Cristina Ghita: I think
[07:27:30] Mario Calderón: so.... what's the solution?
[07:27:32] Victor Perez Juarez: i think should be
[07:27:55] Victor Perez Juarez: now we are try include all contribution into of 380rc1
[07:28:04] Victor Perez Juarez: but not should brace our rules
[07:28:31] Victor Perez Juarez: can change of rule , but of rule that we had now should following
[07:29:20] Victor Perez Juarez: about of sub repository let me solve this issue I deactivate sub repository this way other not had some issue
[07:30:09] Victor Perez Juarez: any developer that need work with libero and payroll should use the original repository from github
[07:30:10] Cristina Ghita: so, then can we go Like this:

[16:18:57] Cristina Ghita: Then if it works the build, go with Victor's version, if not, go with Tobi's version. WDYT?



<<< 
[07:30:23] Mario Calderón: +1
[07:30:34] Victor Perez Juarez: and the rest of developer that not need change any from this contribution then have not some issue
[07:30:35] Cristina Ghita: Victor does that, fi all biuld .. remian like that
[07:30:47] Cristina Ghita: if not, go like Tobi
[07:30:50] Cristina Ghita: +1
[07:31:33] Cristina Ghita: and as Victor said, should work
[07:31:44] Victor Perez Juarez: I would are agree go with the Tob version , then make work to reorganize the sql migration
[07:31:55] Victor Perez Juarez: and synchronize all view in  source
[07:32:14] Cristina Ghita: and then will find a better solution in next releases
[07:33:30] Victor Perez Juarez: other issue that I found Suman , is that you update of adempiere.jar seed half of the release process
[07:34:25] Victor Perez Juarez: it not is right , so that we should can execute all migration script from last release version
[07:34:36] suman ravuri: are we taking about seed?
[07:34:52] suman ravuri: seed I generated fee weeks back
[07:34:52] Victor Perez Juarez: when I reorganize the all sequence of migration script
[07:35:11] Victor Perez Juarez: and apply it from zero got a lot of issues
[07:35:15] suman ravuri: I can generate when we reach next milestone
[07:35:24] Victor Perez Juarez: I check and can see that the seed was update
[07:35:48] Victor Perez Juarez: of seed only is genera when of release is ready
[07:36:05] Victor Perez Juarez: and we all the migration script in single directory
[07:36:36] suman ravuri: but seed was requested last time
[07:36:54] Victor Perez Juarez: yes , this reason that exist a migration script
[07:37:26] suman ravuri: Team asked me to prepate seed asap so I generated with the list of features I have done till that ime
[07:37:27] suman ravuri: time
[07:37:39] Victor Perez Juarez: ant script that is use to build night
[07:38:07] suman ravuri: but ant script will not work with new adaxa migration
[07:38:35] Victor Perez Juarez: yes it will be for future after the 380
[07:39:03] Victor Perez Juarez: now we had both sql script and xml
[07:39:33] Victor Perez Juarez: after of 380 we only should accept xml scripts
[07:39:43] suman ravuri: agree
[07:40:13] Victor Perez Juarez: in my last mint you can see that I reorganize all sql scripts
[07:40:22] Victor Perez Juarez: and synchronize the view with of source
[07:41:05] Victor Perez Juarez: it is hard work because some contribution modify the same view , so you need are sure that all modification was rightly  merge
[07:41:35] Victor Perez Juarez: mint = commit
[07:41:47] suman ravuri: I see your changes
[07:42:44] Mario Calderón: @all: can you discuss this issue later?

I'd like that we move on with the meeting
[07:43:18] Mario Calderón: one important decision we have to take is when to start community testing?
[07:43:27] Victor Perez Juarez: of adempiereDevelop/migration/migrate_postgresql.sh is use to create of new seed for night build
[07:43:56] Victor Perez Juarez: only the adempiere jar  seed is update when we are to previous step to release
[07:44:43] Victor Perez Juarez: Mario, I think that if we solve the repository issues
[07:45:20] Victor Perez Juarez: I only need re integrate the warehouse management of same way that manufacturing and payroll
[07:45:40] Victor Perez Juarez: and I finish with mi contribution to include for 380
[07:46:26] Victor Perez Juarez: if not exist some other pending I think we should create the last build to test
[07:46:36] Mario Calderón: agree Victor, but this is not a technical meeting.



These issues you can solve talking within the Technical Team.
[07:47:02] Victor Perez Juarez: we have not have technical meeting
[07:47:13] Cristina Ghita: yes, this is TT/FT meeting :D
[07:47:22] Mario Calderón: I mean , you can talk after this meeting for example
[07:47:46] Victor Perez Juarez: no I told of happen until now
[07:47:57] Mario Calderón: ah ok, well
[07:48:03] Mario Calderón: you must....
[07:48:07] Cristina Ghita: ok
[07:48:12] Cristina Ghita: then
[07:48:19] Cristina Ghita: Actions to be taken
[07:49:18] Mario Calderón: I'd like that the TT/FT decide the date we officially finish the review phase and call  the start of the test phase
[07:49:50] Cristina Ghita: ok,
[07:49:56] Cristina Ghita: proposals?
[07:50:32] Mario Calderón: I's say we finish the integration this week and start with the test next week
[07:51:02] Cristina Ghita: sound reasonble
[07:51:28] suman ravuri: No more new features will be added from today
[07:51:30] suman ravuri: ?
[07:51:57] suman ravuri: only complete the items which are in progress with integration
[07:52:01] Mario Calderón: well the ones after Libero MFG
[07:52:19] suman ravuri: like payrol. mfg ,warehouse
[07:52:31] Cristina Ghita: and integrate this week these:

[15:36:15] Cristina Ghita: * gear box

* best practices and improvements

* autocommplete for swing (zk is not - if I succed to fix today.. will be full)



<<< 
[07:52:48] suman ravuri: can I start integrating them?
[07:52:55] Mario Calderón: 191?
[07:52:55] suman ravuri: TT/FT review done?
[07:53:04] Mario Calderón: instance?
[07:53:17] Cristina Ghita: one sec
[07:53:40] Cristina Ghita: http://www.adempiere.com/Process_Gear_in_Window#Overview 

http://www.adempiere.com/Autocomplete#Overview  

http://www.adempiere.com/Metas_best_practices_/_bugfixes_/_improvements#Overview
[07:53:42] Victor Perez Juarez: @Suman I finish today with warehouse management
[07:54:01] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [15:53:18] Cristina Ghita:  best practices and improvements



<<< would be ready for code review..there should be no functional changes
[07:54:02] Victor Perez Juarez: and fix the issue with of sub repository
[07:54:26] suman ravuri: @Victor, Thanks
[07:56:55] Mario Calderón: ok
[07:57:02] Mario Calderón: so?
[07:57:09] suman ravuri: @Actions?
[07:57:19] suman ravuri: Sorry Actions?
[07:57:43] Mario Calderón: finish reviewing till next Monday
[07:57:58] Mario Calderón: and integrating into RC
[07:58:14] Victor Perez Juarez: @Cris , Tobi in what is of branch where you have your changes?
[07:58:21] Mario Calderón: 191
[07:58:32] Victor Perez Juarez: is complete ?
[07:59:15] Victor Perez Juarez: I can make of integrate into the last 380rc1 , if it is a issue
[07:59:31] suman ravuri: I can do that Victor
[07:59:37] suman ravuri: that is not an issue
[07:59:38] Cristina Ghita:  https://adempiere.atlassian.net/browse/ADEMPIERE-190 is gear box and is omcplete
[08:00:10] Mario Calderón: ok I have to go now

I will see the rest of the conversation and publish it

bye to all
[08:00:18] Cristina Ghita: ok
[08:00:19] Cristina Ghita: bye
[08:00:22] Cristina Ghita: ADEMPIERE-191 is automcplete
[08:00:26] Cristina Ghita: zk not ready
[08:00:37] Cristina Ghita: actually is not functionally
[08:00:44] Victor Perez Juarez: @Suman ,have you not the issue with sub repository?
[08:01:03] Cristina Ghita: ADEMPIERE-195 - best practices
[08:01:32] Victor Perez Juarez: ok then we only can include 190 and 195 true ?
[08:02:08] suman ravuri: as you fix sub repo issue today, I can start integrating them
[08:02:16] Victor Perez Juarez: ok
[08:03:02] suman ravuri: kindly let me know once you fix it
[08:03:06] suman ravuri: sub repo issue
[08:03:10] Victor Perez Juarez: yes
[08:03:33] suman ravuri: @Cris, anything else we would like to discuss?
[08:04:10] Cristina Ghita: ok
[08:04:16] Cristina Ghita: thanks Suman
[08:04:20] Cristina Ghita: I guess that;s it
[08:04:32] Cristina Ghita: so untill next tuesday should finsih intergations
[08:04:33] Cristina Ghita: right?
[08:04:41] suman ravuri: yes
[08:04:46] Cristina Ghita: and starting with 8, testing
[08:04:50] suman ravuri: yes
[08:04:57] Victor Perez Juarez: yes
[08:04:59] suman ravuri: these are the actions
[08:05:07] Victor Perez Juarez: one question
[08:05:23] Victor Perez Juarez: we will create of mysql seed
[08:05:54] suman ravuri: I doubt whether we can accomdate mysql seed in this release
[08:05:56] Cristina Ghita: don;t think that all new features have all mysql scripts
[08:06:09] Victor Perez Juarez: or should postpone to migrate to https://mariadb.org/
[08:06:28] Victor Perez Juarez: yes for it is importat
[08:06:35] Victor Perez Juarez: if we release mysql seed
[08:07:27] Victor Perez Juarez: we can support of future release because now we had xml migration , that should be of unique way to accept modify the application dictionary
[08:07:55] Victor Perez Juarez: then we need staring with a seed
[08:08:28] Victor Perez Juarez: some know if we can create a my sql seed from oracle xe using some oracle tools ?
[08:09:17] Cristina Ghita: don't know
[08:09:26] suman ravuri: I too don't know
[08:10:14] Victor Perez Juarez: would try using our migration tools
[08:10:32] suman ravuri: http://tkurek.blogspot.in/2013/04/migrate-oracle-to-mysql.html
[08:10:36] Victor Perez Juarez: and know that  that result :-)
[08:11:08] suman ravuri: anyone tried this?
[08:13:34] Victor Perez Juarez: I hope
[08:13:58] Victor Perez Juarez: other question are agree in release of postgresql seed based on 9.3 ?
[08:14:43] suman ravuri: @Victor, do we need to discuss in TT Team
[08:14:47] suman ravuri: ?
[08:14:53] Victor Perez Juarez: I no sure
[08:15:06] Victor Perez Juarez: here are the TT people
[08:15:52] Cristina Ghita: I don't know why we could not do it
[08:16:01] Cristina Ghita: in the end we need to update
[08:16:24] Victor Perez Juarez: ok
[08:16:27] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): agree 9.3. is stable, right?..just asking ;)
[08:16:50] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that yes
[08:16:52] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): ok: http://www.postgresql.org/about/news/1481/
[08:16:58] Victor Perez Juarez: it was release in 9 september
[08:16:59] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.postgresql.org/
[08:17:08] Victor Perez Juarez: exacly
[08:17:33] Victor Perez Juarez: ok then we will use 9.3
[08:17:53] Victor Perez Juarez: Suman is necessary update jdbc for this version
[08:17:54] Cristina Ghita: worst case, will downgrade in next release :))
[08:18:07] Cristina Ghita: kidding
[08:18:24] suman ravuri: :)
[08:19:07] suman ravuri: so in priincple we decided to use 9.3
[08:19:08] Victor Perez Juarez: the most important is take advantage of the test cycle
[08:19:28] Victor Perez Juarez: is all is ok ,then can release
[08:19:33] suman ravuri: ok
[08:19:52] Victor Perez Juarez: of good of 9.3 is materialized views
[08:20:28] Victor Perez Juarez: is a feature very awaited
[08:20:37] suman ravuri: ok
[08:21:03] suman ravuri: I will be leaving now
[08:21:10] Cristina Ghita: ok
[08:21:14] suman ravuri: bye all
[08:21:14] Cristina Ghita: Victor anyhting else?
[08:21:16] Cristina Ghita: bye
[08:21:52] Victor Perez Juarez: bye
[08:22:37] Cristina Ghita: can we close the meeting?
[08:22:45] Victor Perez Juarez: yes Criis
[08:22:50] Cristina Ghita: ok
[08:22:59] Cristina Ghita: the cu next week, same time
[08:23:05] Cristina Ghita: have a nice day
[08:23:09] Cristina Ghita: bye!
[08:23:19] Victor Perez Juarez: bye , bye
~~~