---
title: FT/TT meeting minutes September 10th 2013
category: Community
star: 9
sticky: 9
tag:
  - Wiki
  - Meetings
article: false
---

# Meeting Minutes
**General**
- **Moderator:** Cristina Ghita
- **Secretary:** Mario Calderon
- **Participants:** Konstantin Herold, Mario Calderon, Suman Ravuri, Victor Perez, Cristina Ghita
- **Date / Time:** Tuesday, September 10th, 2013 / 12:00 PM - 1:15 PM GMT
- *The meeting closed after 1 hour and 15 minutes.*

**Agenda**
1. Minutes of Previous Meeting
2. Actions Taken by RM
3. Technical Team Reviews
4. Functional Team Reviews
5. Actions to Be Taken
6. Miscellaneous
7. Next Meeting

**Minutes of Previous Meeting**
- [Link to Previous Meeting Minutes](http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_September_03rd_2013)

**Actions Taken by RM**
- Client Setup Process -- completed
- Improved Info Form -- completed
- Forecast Management -- Test case document is pending. (Code is integrated)
- Cashflow Management -- Test case document is pending (Code is integrated)
- Manufacturing Management -- In-progress. Will be done this week
- Manufacturing Light(ML) -- On hold
- Warehouse Management -- Need to retest

**Technical Team Reviews**
- None.

**Functional Team Reviews**
- Susanne is still testing heavily the Costing Engine. She is almost finished and will contact Steven and Victor regarding that. Most problems are on landed costs, combined with annulations, reactivations, and different ASIs.

**Actions to Be Taken**
- Victor will review manufacturing light.
- Victor will finish preparation for Libero integration.
- Suman will finish Walking Tree contributions so they can be reviewed.
- Suman will review Mike's newest changes.
- Mario will modify the roadmap page (http://www.adempiere.com/Release_380LTS) to include:
  - Libraries to be updated (like Jasper Reports, Oracle, Postgres)
  - Replacements to be discussed within Technical Team and, if decided, included in the release (e.g., Tomcat instead of JBoss, exclusion of Posterita, HTML, etc.)
  - Changes needed for updating GardenWorld
- Contributors (e-Evolution, Adaxa, WT) should deploy code and functionality for reviews and eventual integration.

**Miscellaneous**
- Date of finishing integration in RC:
  - Suman is almost done with reviewed contributions. He will finish this week.
  - Some contributions need to be available on code and instance for technical and functional testing.
- Metas instance and description of contributions for Metas' contributions review.
  - Metas' Adempiere instance is down: http://144.76.112.17:8080/webui/timeout.zul
  - Metas will come up with a plan to include contributions into RC in the short term.
- Updating Garden World:
  - Mario will create an entry in the roadmap for adding items.
  - Interesting link provided by Victor: [ADempiere Review - Open Source ERP](http://www.chuckboecking.com/blog/bid/196464/ADempiere-Review-Open-Source-ERP)

**Next Meeting**
- Tuesday, September 17th, 2013 / 12:00 PM.

## Log

Following is the meeting log - time is in GMT -6

~~~
Tuesday, 10 September 2013
[06:02:21] Mario Calderón: hello everybody!!
[06:02:41] Cristina Ghita: Hello!
[06:03:06] suman ravuri: Hi All
[06:03:21] Konstantin Herold: Hi
[06:03:22] Victor Perez Juarez: Hi
[06:06:18] Mario Calderón: Steven cannot make it, he apologizes
[06:06:29] Mario Calderón: can we start?
[06:06:46] Cristina Ghita: ok
[06:07:07] Mario Calderón: Mark and Tobi are on hoidays and will assist on next meeting
[06:07:37] Victor Perez Juarez: Ok
[06:08:03] Mario Calderón: we need a secretary and a moderator.

I can be again the secretary; Cristina, how about being the moderator?
[06:08:11] Mario Calderón: this time..
[06:08:24] Cristina Ghita: ok, I guess..
[06:08:34] Cristina Ghita: not sure about my attributions
[06:09:13] Mario Calderón: list agenda items and see that we focus on them
[06:09:29] Cristina Ghita: ok
[06:09:45] Cristina Ghita: then: here minutes of previous meeting

http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_September_03rd_2013
[06:10:23] Cristina Ghita: ah.. I did not ask: Should we start?
[06:10:32] Cristina Ghita: or wait for more to come?
[06:11:05] Mario Calderón: no, let's start Cristina..
[06:11:16] Cristina Ghita: ok
[06:11:19] Cristina Ghita: Agenda:
[06:11:40] Cristina Ghita: * Actions taken by RM

* Technical team reviews

* Functional Team reviews

* Actions to be taken

* Misc

* Release date

* Next meeting
[06:12:15] Mario Calderón: under Misc, I'd like we talk about:
    Date of finishing integration in RC
    Metas instance and description of contributions so Metas' contributions can be reviewed.

    updating Garden World
[06:12:36] Cristina Ghita: +1
[06:14:03] Victor Perez Juarez: Ol
[06:14:08] Victor Perez Juarez: Ok
[06:14:23] Cristina Ghita: ok
[06:14:28] Cristina Ghita: then first topic?
[06:14:37] Cristina Ghita: Action taken by RM
[06:14:39] Mario Calderón: yes.. you lead
[06:14:44] suman ravuri: Initial Client Setup Process -- completed

Improve Info Form            -- completed 

Forecast Management      -- Test case document is pending. ( Code is integrated )

Cashflow Management      -- Test case document is pending ( Code is integrated )

Manufacturing Management -- In-progress. Will be done this week

Manufacturing Light(ML)  -- On hold

Warehouse Management     -- Need to retest

Import product attribute instnace- Not able to find code. In touch with Victor to find it.
[06:15:43] Mario Calderón: you wrote Suman, that you had integrated almost all contributions reviewed...
[06:16:24] Cristina Ghita: Suman, I have a question here:

Michael made some fixes, as far as I know, in "Improve info forms"..

Did you already integrate that also?
[06:16:58] suman ravuri: We made some changes to make it work
[06:17:11] suman ravuri: I am yet to compare his new code
[06:17:22] Cristina Ghita: ok
[06:17:23] Victor Perez Juarez: Ok about of WM need re factory with new structure
[06:18:28] Mario Calderón: @Cristina: as far as I know, this is the instance for Mike: http://ec2-50-16-59-96.compute-1.amazonaws.com:8088/webui/
[06:18:39] Victor Perez Juarez: Yes i reported some bug
[06:19:14] Mario Calderón: I checked a cuple of days ago the info forms, but on.the.fly
[06:19:23] suman ravuri: 

I have added this code
[06:19:25] suman ravuri: Method : private void refresh()

Line : 484 , Added if condition

if ( m_M_Product_ID > 0)
Line :487  Added if



if (null != mp)
[06:20:05] Victor Perez Juarez: About of sttributes i need créate a new feature branch to commite code
[06:20:09] Cristina Ghita: ok
[06:21:07] suman ravuri: Mario, I have started some of walking tree contributions
[06:21:13] suman ravuri: integrating
[06:21:23] Victor Perez Juarez: Also need include of core to libero hr
[06:21:33] Victor Perez Juarez: And payroll
[06:22:23] Mario Calderón: @Suman: yes! I saw your email.
so, in summary, these is still a need to do some adaptations.

Some branches updated, in order for Suman to integrate.
[06:22:27] Victor Perez Juarez: But it are a sub repository
[06:22:36] Victor Perez Juarez: As libero mfg
[06:23:43] Cristina Ghita: and what about what we talked few weeks ago... that for HR&Payroll we need a functional example in the db
[06:25:03] Victor Perez Juarez: So mercurial can work with sub repository of other technology as git , it answer the Suman question
[06:25:59] Mario Calderón: I believe this is a whole item, Cristina, which we can discuss separately (it is a "misc" item, what do you think?
[06:26:51] Cristina Ghita: ok, agree
[06:26:52] Victor Perez Juarez: We would create but based in that country
[06:27:04] Cristina Ghita: @ Victor let's talk later
[06:27:18] Mario Calderón: I think this is the place to mention Metas.

Metas' Adempiere instance is down: http://144.76.112.17:8080/webui/timeout.zul

Mark wrote that due to internal matters, people of Metas were not able to support our effort.
But from Monday on, they will push it and come up with a plan, aiming at including Metas' contributions into RC IN A SHORT TERM.

We should help reviewing so it can be done. I think Metas contributions are worth the effort.
[06:28:32] Cristina Ghita: Yes, monday Tobi will come from vacation and we will make a plan and try boost up the metas contriubtions
[06:30:59] Cristina Ghita: ok
[06:31:08] Cristina Ghita: Next item then?
[06:31:26] Cristina Ghita: Suman you're done?
[06:32:14] suman ravuri: yes
[06:32:20] Cristina Ghita: ok
[06:32:24] Cristina Ghita: * Technical team reviews
[06:32:49] Victor Perez Juarez: We will make indestructible changues ?
[06:33:11] Cristina Ghita: I did not finshed reviewing Info forms.. so not much from my side
[06:34:05] Mario Calderón: @Victor: what are "indestructible changues"?
[06:34:17] Victor Perez Juarez: I need make of revision of manufacturing ligh
[06:35:06] Victor Perez Juarez: Infrestructure changues
[06:35:50] suman ravuri: I kept Manufacturing lite on hold
[06:35:53] Mario Calderón: understand: infrastructure changes. Like what?
[06:35:59] Victor Perez Juarez: Update to libraries oracle, postgres, jasper
[06:36:20] Mario Calderón: I wanted to start a branch for it today...
[06:36:38] Victor Perez Juarez: Jboss replace by tomcat
[06:37:00] suman ravuri: [6:07:27 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: Jboss replace by tomcat

<<< +1
[06:38:24] Mario Calderón: @Victor, Suman: replacing JBoss by Tomcat is a "major" change, more than updating a library. This must IMHO be discussed and tested thoroughly.

Though I agree on the matter.
[06:39:06] suman ravuri: [6:06:38 PM] suman ravuri: I kept Manufacturing lite on hold

<<< Kindly let me know If I need to continue with Integration and what changes I need to make on manufacuring lite
[06:39:17] Victor Perez Juarez: Suman we need of way to replace a enterprice Java beans and we would deployment tomcat 7 to remove jboss
[06:39:33] suman ravuri: Yes Mario. I agree, TT and FT needs to discuss and approve
[06:39:56] Mario Calderón: (but I believe not for 3.8)
[06:40:01] Mario Calderón: too much work
[06:40:10] Cristina Ghita: jboss to tomcat is one of goals for the current realease?
[06:40:21] Mario Calderón: not in the road map...
[06:40:43] Cristina Ghita: then, IMHO, I don;t think we should take care of this now
[06:40:52] Cristina Ghita: we have a lot of other stuff
[06:41:06] Victor Perez Juarez: I prefered make in 380 other was made we need make
[06:42:15] Cristina Ghita: I mean, I would not like that after in one month after the 380 release, to be obliged to make an other release because we broke somehting in 380
[06:42:23] Victor Perez Juarez: So i think than suma can make while he wait that other finish
[06:42:48] Mario Calderón: @Victor: I think this is a good idea, but we should limit it to updating libraries, what do you think?
[06:43:35] Victor Perez Juarez: Cris now want release to test so i think is a good moment to test
[06:44:10] Cristina Ghita: or Mario, create a wiki page for jbos with pros and cons and next week, to decide about jboss
[06:44:45] Victor Perez Juarez: The issue i can see other fork was made
[06:45:20] Mario Calderón: OK I will update our release wiki page if you agree

are there any legacy problems? etc... 

the TT should discuss about it
[06:45:23] Cristina Ghita: I am fine with that, but I woudl like to hear the techinal reasons of why other are agians for now
[06:46:40] Victor Perez Juarez: Currently jboss no is used only for a 1 EJB and have 7 year old
[06:47:23] Mario Calderón: @Victor: I will add it to the road map.

You can discuss it with TT members. Pros and cons. And decide.
[06:47:44] suman ravuri: do we have any date that we want to finalize this by
[06:47:45] suman ravuri: ?
[06:48:04] Victor Perez Juarez: Cris is simple who give support to a jboss from 7 year :-)
[06:48:12] Mario Calderón: this is an item point Suman..

comes up next..
[06:48:23] Mario Calderón: to conclude this item: all in all there are some "wholes" in http://www.adempiere.com/Release_380LTS#Contributions_summary , if we exclude Metas' contributions(taht will be solved next week), there are still a couple of contribs which must be in the instance and offered code so they can be reviewed.
[06:48:42] Cristina Ghita: checking
[06:48:53] Victor Perez Juarez: I am sure than redhat not give moré support :-)
[06:49:05] Cristina Ghita: yes :))
[06:49:33] Mario Calderón: ..so the contributors (e-Evolution, Adaxa, WT) should care to deploy code and functionality so reviews and eventual integration can be done
[06:50:10] Cristina Ghita: ok
[06:50:14] Victor Perez Juarez: And other pending subject is sal to remove HTML old and posterita
[06:50:40] Cristina Ghita: Trifon I think opposed to that..
[06:50:55] Victor Perez Juarez: Ask = sal
[06:51:50] Cristina Ghita: so functional:

* Functional Team reviews
[06:51:55] Cristina Ghita: anything new
[06:51:57] Cristina Ghita: ?
[06:51:59] Cristina Ghita: what remains?
[06:52:06] Victor Perez Juarez: Trifon said that we need ask of comummity , so who can make
[06:52:17] Cristina Ghita: still to be reviewed?
[06:52:52] Victor Perez Juarez: Suman can you ask in forum?
[06:52:58] Mario Calderón: Susanne is still testing heavily the Costing Engine. She is almost finished, and will contact Steven and Victor on that.



She hopes by next meeting she will announce it.
[06:53:10] Cristina Ghita: ok
[06:53:29] Mario Calderón: no more reviews that I'm aware of
[06:53:35] Cristina Ghita: contributions form Walkingtree?
[06:53:42] Cristina Ghita: anybody is doinf the review?
[06:54:12] Mario Calderón: I think we are missing the functionality on the instances Cristina
[06:54:24] Mario Calderón: to review... :)
[06:54:31] Cristina Ghita: ah.. ok
[06:54:40] Cristina Ghita: then that's it I guess for this point
[06:54:45] suman ravuri: I can make request
[06:54:52] Cristina Ghita: ok, will be great
[06:55:25] Cristina Ghita: Next point

* Actions to be taken
[06:56:46] Mario Calderón: - Metas will come up with a plan to enable reviewing its contributions.



- All other contributors will complete its instances and branches the same way...
[06:57:10] Cristina Ghita: ok
[06:57:23] Cristina Ghita: Now misc
[06:57:50] Cristina Ghita: * making available an example in DB for HR&Payroll
[06:58:45] Mario Calderón: Steven raised the point last week...

I think we should bring it to the roadmap Wiki page, don't you think so?
[06:58:59] Cristina Ghita: yes
[06:59:06] Mario Calderón: so we can put items like HR, new periods, etc....
[06:59:10] Mario Calderón: I can do it
[06:59:27] Cristina Ghita: ah.. and also at Actions to be take: Creat a poll for posterita code
[06:59:38] Mario Calderón: OK..
[07:00:10] Victor Perez Juarez: And HTML old
[07:00:15] Cristina Ghita: yes
[07:00:27] Cristina Ghita: who will create?
[07:00:31] Cristina Ghita: Suman?
[07:00:32] Cristina Ghita: or?
[07:00:38] Mario Calderón: so three things:

- JBoss/Tomcat, Posterita, HTML , etc

- updating GW database

- (what else?)
[07:00:55] Mario Calderón: I will update the wiki page
[07:01:05] Victor Perez Juarez: So if we add mobile ui should remove HTML old
[07:02:05] Mario Calderón: I will write it and you all can improve it
[07:02:27] Cristina Ghita: ok
[07:02:41] Cristina Ghita: what about  Release date?
[07:02:53] Mario Calderón: About release date: perhaps can Suman tell us how long he still needs to finish integrating.

Then we can wait for Metas to come up with a plan for reviewing.

Also for WT's contributions.

So I think we can set a date for Suman and wait for Metas and WT.
[07:03:22] Victor Perez Juarez: I received repuest from cruck to contribute with example of libero mfg but he want wait to have rc
[07:03:39] Cristina Ghita: ok, hopefully next week, we (metas) will have a plan
[07:03:52] Mario Calderón: @Victor: who is "cruck" ?
[07:04:19] Mario Calderón: but I think, suman can tell us something about what's is existent now
[07:04:40] Victor Perez Juarez: Is other usa implementor
[07:04:49] suman ravuri: All the issues that are ready for integration and technically reviewed are either completed or under integration
[07:04:50] Mario Calderón: ah ok thans
[07:05:23] Mario Calderón: ..so you're almost done
something missing?
[07:06:00] Victor Perez Juarez: He is Cruck
[07:06:07] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.chuckboecking.com/blog/bid/196464/ADempiere-Review-Open-Source-ERP
[07:06:31] Victor Perez Juarez: I sorry is chuck
[07:07:18] Mario Calderón: coming back to Suman: so you're almost done with all reviwed items?
[07:08:15] suman ravuri: one minute
[07:08:18] Mario Calderón: (I see , some Libero MFG items are missing)
[07:09:15] Mario Calderón: so, mainly WT's and Metas' contribs are missing, but again this is because there are no code nor instance to review
[07:09:23] suman ravuri: MRP Supply and Demand Pegging  

MRP Browse for demand and supply   

Net Change Material Plan and Selective Material Plant  

Smart Browse for approval of Planning Order
[07:09:31] Mario Calderón: so it is on them to provide ways to review
[07:09:34] suman ravuri: are you refering these items?
[07:09:41] Mario Calderón: yes Suman
[07:10:22] suman ravuri: @Victor, do we need to refactor code for these features?
[07:10:37] Victor Perez Juarez: Mario i want finish with integration to include this
[07:11:00] Victor Perez Juarez: Now only need include
[07:11:08] Victor Perez Juarez: Is moré esay
[07:11:32] Victor Perez Juarez: easy
[07:11:37] Mario Calderón: ok
[07:11:48] suman ravuri: is the code ready for integration?
[07:11:57] suman ravuri: for those features?
[07:11:59] Victor Perez Juarez: I finish this week
[07:12:07] suman ravuri: ok
[07:12:45] Cristina Ghita: ok
[07:12:49] Cristina Ghita: other issues?
[07:13:05] Victor Perez Juarez: Yes i will include in manufacturing branch
[07:13:35] Victor Perez Juarez: You need merge changues
[07:13:46] suman ravuri: ok
[07:13:47] Mario Calderón: @Cristina: not from my side
[07:14:03] Cristina Ghita: ok
[07:14:09] Victor Perez Juarez: Not from me
[07:14:10] Cristina Ghita: Suman, Victor?
[07:14:13] Cristina Ghita: ok
[07:14:17] Cristina Ghita: Suman?
[07:14:38] suman ravuri: No
[07:14:43] Cristina Ghita: ok
[07:14:52] Cristina Ghita: then I think we can close the meeting
[07:15:07] Mario Calderón: thanks Cristina and bye to all
[07:15:19] Cristina Ghita: thanks me too bye
[07:15:22] Victor Perez Juarez: Yes Bye Bye
[07:15:25] Cristina Ghita: see you next week
~~~