---
title: FT/TT meeting minutes October 8th 2013
category: Community
star: 9
sticky: 9
tag:
  - Wiki
  - Meetings
article: false
---

## Minutes

**General**
- Moderator: Steven Sackett
- Secretary: Mario Calderon
- Participants: Pradeep Lavania, Cristina Ghita, Mario Calderon, Suman Ravuri, Victor Perez, Steven Sackett, Tobias Schöneberg
- Date / Time: Tuesday, October 8th 2013 / 12:00h - 13:56h GMT
- The meeting closed after 1 hour 56 mins

**Agenda**
1. Minutes of Previous Meeting
2. Actions taken by RM
3. Technical team reviews
4. Functional Team reviews
5. Actions to be taken
6. Misc
7. Next meeting

**Minutes of Previous Meeting**
- [Previous Meeting Minutes](http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_October_1st_2013)

**Actions taken by RM**
- Pedro's report writer improvements except Client version support - Integrated
- Process gear - Integrated
- Auto Complete - Integrated
- Postgresql 9.3 Integration with 9.2 jdbc4 driver - In-progress
- New Dunning Process - In-progress

**Technical team reviews**
- Mario and Victor reviewed with Alberto Abudinen (OFB) possible contributions:
  - Payment Order
  - Copy from Inventory internal usage
  - Copy from material movement
  - Create combinations with account, but other dimensions = *
  - Take qtyReserved out of locator
  - Reserve resource out of resource view

**Functional Team reviews**
- Auto Complete - Integrated

**Misc**
- No progress on access to an instance to review the Metas improvements.
- There are problems with rolling out instance
- Last commit of instance Aug. 8th
- To help a bit, Tobi will grant Victor root rights to the server
- Pending: Problems with installation: [Issue Link](http://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/discussion/610548/thread/7e428259/?limit=25#c320)
- Pending: Problem with Mobile when compiling (UTF8?)
- Pending: final functional test of Costing Engine delivered by Susanne (Paul, Victor)
- Pending: Manuf Light to the Libero BOM structure (Suman)
- Start community test: last week of October (20th)

**Next meeting**
- Tuesday, October 15th 2013 / 12:00h. GMT

Following is the meeting log - time is in GMT -6

## Log

~~~
Tuesday, 8 October 2013
[06:02:00] Mario Calderón: hello everybody!
[06:02:37] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Hi Mario
[06:03:17] Pradeep Lavania: Hello Mario and Steven. Hope you guys are doing great !
[06:03:30] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Hi Pradeep
[06:03:47] Pradeep Lavania: Due to a customer's visit in office, Suman would not be able to participate today. He has sent an email for it...
[06:04:30] Pradeep Lavania: Hope there are no major gaps in the status that he provided
[06:04:36] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Suman sent this message
[06:04:38] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): 1. Pedro's report writer improvements except Client version support - Integrated
2. Process gear - Integrated
3. Auto Complete - Integrated
4. Postgresql 9.3 Integration with 9.2 jdbc4 driver - In-progress
5. New Dunning Process - In-progess

Ravindar will be able to attend on behalf of me for today. His skype id is ravindar_11star. You can drop me a note in case you need some clarification. I will be able to respond late in the night.
[06:04:40] Pradeep Lavania: I could take the questions on his behalf if required
[06:05:33] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): we seem to have only 3 people?
[06:05:40] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): 4
[06:05:43] Cristina Ghita: Hi!
[06:05:52] Cristina Ghita: I will be in and out;
[06:05:58] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Hi Cristina
[06:07:07] Mario Calderón: h Pradeep, NP . We received Suman's email.
[06:07:14] Mario Calderón: hi Cristina
[06:08:19] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): I saw a note that Victor came on line a minute ago .. shall we wait?
[06:08:37] Victor Perez Juarez: Hi
[06:08:45] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Hi Victor
[06:08:50] Mario Calderón: I would wait a couple of minutes so he wakes completely up
[06:08:56] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): hehe
[06:09:08] Mario Calderón: @Pradeep: should we invite Ravindar?
[06:10:03] Mario Calderón: so I think we can start.
Same procedure as last time? Mario secretary, Steven moderator?
[06:10:35] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): no Steven leaving soon .. already 2300 .. be better for someone else
[06:10:57] Mario Calderón: or you start and then Victor takes over?
[06:11:09] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): ok..
[06:11:41] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Minutes of last meeting .. I was not there (started 0200 New Zealand time!)
[06:11:53] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): are there any matters arising from minutes?
[06:12:07] Mario Calderón: wait a min
[06:12:17] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Mario, would you please insert the link to them pls
[06:12:35] Mario Calderón: www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_October_1st_2013
[06:12:40] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): thanks
[06:14:28] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): a matter... Suman asked for migration for improved financial report .. was provided with some enhancement yesterday
[06:15:18] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Has there been any progress on access to an instance to review the Metas improvements?
[06:15:55] Mario Calderón: not that I know. There has been no announcement or whatever
[06:16:16] Cristina Ghita: no, there is not
[06:17:08] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Cristina, have you heard if/when it might be available?
[06:17:26] Cristina Ghita: need to check with Tobi; he was off
[06:18:02] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Can we leave that with you to ask Tobi when you next see him?
[06:18:12] Cristina Ghita: yes
[06:18:20] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): thanks
[06:19:32] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): the comment in the minutes "HG fails in the update with an invalid file error or a note that the org.eevolution.manufacturing director exists and is not empty."  and various people having problems .. anyone know if that has been resolved?
[06:20:03] Victor Perez Juarez: we testing , and not can replicate of error
[06:20:27] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Move on from the Minutes?
[06:20:46] Victor Perez Juarez: http://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/discussion/610548/thread/502bc2e3/?limit=25#dbbe
[06:21:50] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Repeating Sumans note...
[06:21:51] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): 1. Pedro's report writer improvements except Client version support - Integrated
2. Process gear - Integrated
3. Auto Complete - Integrated
4. Postgresql 9.3 Integration with 9.2 jdbc4 driver - In-progress
5. New Dunning Process - In-progess
[06:22:21] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): does anyone know what "except Client version support" means?
[06:22:32] Mario Calderón: ..no....
[06:23:02] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): item 2 and 3 are from Metas?
[06:23:57] Mario Calderón: yes
[06:24:22] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): If they are integrated then I assume we can test in the test instance published (now or soon) by Suman?
[06:25:13] Victor Perez Juarez: I saw a post that adempiere 380 no is correct
[06:25:16] Mario Calderón: yes. The only item that Cristina committed and is still to be reviewed/integrated is "best practices"
[06:25:57] Mario Calderón: I will ask Suman he elaborates what "..except client .." means
[06:27:00] Victor Perez Juarez: some know how can change of branch  in Jenkins
[06:27:02] Victor Perez Juarez: http://asds1.adempiere.de:8080/job/adempiere-3.8.0/
[06:27:25] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Mario .. are you saying that these two items  have already been tested
[06:27:29] Victor Perez Juarez: http://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/discussion/610548/thread/7e428259/?limit=25#c320
[06:27:57] Victor Perez Juarez: I can see that it are build based on standard development
[06:28:15] Victor Perez Juarez: and should be based on 380rc1
[06:29:18] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Do we need Tobi to respond to that?
[06:29:56] Mario Calderón: yes, because he's the bosss over the servers
[06:31:18] Victor Perez Juarez: yes I can seed that work was launch when Tobi commit
[06:31:20] Victor Perez Juarez: Branch: feature/ADEMPIERE-195

merged latest from release/380rc1; synched code
Merge with 9c443d7e60225f74908228b979605d227f29965b
[06:31:54] Victor Perez Juarez: we need build based in last 380rc1
[06:31:56] Mario Calderón: date?
[06:32:09] Mario Calderón: it should be daily
[06:32:56] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): so what needs to be done? and who needs to do it?
[06:33:45] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): hi, sorry, i'm jumping between different tasks..
[14:28:45] Victor Perez Juarez: I can see that it are build based on standard development
and should be based on 380rc1

<<< which builds?
[06:34:57] Victor Perez Juarez: hi Tobi
[06:35:15] Victor Perez Juarez: I am review report by nadrog
[06:35:18] Victor Perez Juarez: here
[06:35:29] Victor Perez Juarez: http://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/discussion/610548/thread/7e428259/?limit=25#c320
[06:36:42] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): ah, ok..yes, the last sucessful buikld is from august 8
[06:37:00] Victor Perez Juarez: yes I saw that not is last commit
[06:37:03] Victor Perez Juarez: http://asds1.adempiere.de:8080/job/adempiere-3.8.0/lastSuccessfulBuild/pollingLog/?
[06:37:23] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): currently, the builds are using release/380rc1, but can't do the check-out because git is not yet installed on the machine
[06:37:48] Victor Perez Juarez: haaaa
[06:37:50] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): you can see the error here http://asds1.adempiere.de:8080/job/adempiere-3.8.0/31/console
[06:37:58] Victor Perez Juarez: this reason of error
[06:38:29] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): suman, you also have a jenkins to ci-builds?
[06:39:17] Victor Perez Juarez: I remember that yes
[06:39:20] Mario Calderón: @Tobi: Suman is not here. Pradeep is here.
[06:39:25] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that install git is simple
[06:39:28] Victor Perez Juarez: Installing on Linux
If you want to install Git on Linux via a binary installer, you can generally do so through the basic package-management tool that comes with your distribution. If you’re on Fedora, you can use yum:

$ yum install git-core
Or if you’re on a Debian-based distribution like Ubuntu, try apt-get:

$ apt-get install git
[06:40:37] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): (trying it out)
[06:41:17] Victor Perez Juarez: if you want I can make
[06:41:33] Victor Perez Juarez: but need of root access for this server
[06:41:40] Victor Perez Juarez: I have not problem
[06:41:53] Victor Perez Juarez: to make this work
[06:42:56] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): that would be nice. currently i'm running apt-get install git, will that be enough?
[06:43:31] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): ah, now it seems to work :-)
[06:44:11] Victor Perez Juarez: yes
[06:44:28] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): btw, feel free to contact me if you still want root access..would be good to have this shared
[06:45:02] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): ok, now we have another problem, in mobileUI..
[06:45:38] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): suman, do you know what to do? if not @steven, maybe Paul can have a look at this:
http://asds1.adempiere.de:8080/job/adempiere-3.8.0/32/console
[06:46:24] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): will ask Paul to look tomorrow.
[06:46:35] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): thx
[06:47:14] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that need add utf-8 into the build of mobileUI
[06:48:05] Mario Calderón: ok
[06:48:14] Mario Calderón: should we move on?
[06:48:34] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): good to hear the problem above resolved.
[06:49:11] Victor Perez Juarez: Tobi how can I launch to build  Jenkins job
[06:49:15] Victor Perez Juarez: ?
[06:49:48] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Toby, are you expecting to provide us with a test instance to look at the Metas contributions or is there some other way we are to look at them ... sorry if everyone else knows answer to this already.
[06:50:24] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [14:49:58] Victor Perez Juarez: Tobi how can I launch to build  Jenkins job

<<< yes, sure
[06:52:02] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [14:50:36] Steven: Toby, are you expecting to provide us with a test instance to look at the Metas contributions

<<< i understand that those contribs that make a functual difference have already been integrated into the rc-branch. in that case they are avaiable for functional review on the walking-tree server (and probably soon also on asds2)
[06:52:37] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): apart from that, the "best practices" are mainly refactorings..there should be no functional changes at all
[06:52:51] Mario Calderón: I note as a task: Tobi will grant Victor root rights
[06:54:29] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): so, i hope, there are at least a few contribs (thx to the work of cristina) that will be available for the next release..however, i'm afraid i won't find the time to bring us any further in this regards..
[06:54:48] Victor Perez Juarez: I run the build now in my machine , I have not this issue
[06:54:50] Victor Perez Juarez: is strange
[06:54:51] Victor Perez Juarez: compile:
    [javac] /Users/e-Evolution/Documents/Develop/adempiereDevelop/mobile/build.xml:54: warning: 'includeantruntime' was not set, defaulting to build.sysclasspath=last; set to false for repeatable builds
    [javac] Compiling 27 source files to /Users/e-Evolution/Documents/Develop/adempiereDevelop/mobile/WEB-INF/classes
    [javac] /Users/e-Evolution/Documents/Develop/adempiereDevelop/mobile/WEB-INF/src/org/compiere/mobile/WLookup.java:56: warning: Input is internal proprietary API and may be removed in a future release
    [javac] import com.sun.corba.se.spi.orbutil.fsm.Input;
    [javac]                                        ^
    [javac] Note: Some input files use or override a deprecated API.
    [javac] Note: Recompile with -Xlint:deprecation for details.
    [javac] Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
    [javac] Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
    [javac] 1 warning
war:
     [echo] =========== Build Mobile web UI ===========
    [mkdir] Created dir: /Users/e-Evolution/Documents/Develop/adempiereDevelop/mobile/dist
      [war] Building war: /Users/e-Evolution/Documents/Develop/adempiereDevelop/mobile/dist/mobile.war
     [copy] Copying 1 file to /Users/e-Evolution/Documents/Develop/adempiereDevelop/lib
cas
[06:56:05] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): maybe you have a non-UFT8 default mapping..how does the "???" from 

[javac] /var/lib/jenkins/jobs/adempiere-3.8.0/workspace/mobile/WEB-INF/src/org/compiere/mobile/MobileDoc.java:231: error: unmappable character for encoding ASCII
    [javac]   doc.getBody().addElement(new b("111 <<< >>> &&& \\\\ \u0100 ???"));

look on your machine?
[06:56:09] Victor Perez Juarez: and of last commit was
[06:56:10] Victor Perez Juarez: Changeset	Tag	Branch	User	Date	Summary	
7489:f26df4147dd4		release/380rc1	eEvolution author Victor Perez <victor.perez@e-evolution.com>	2013-10-04 18:34	Using the standard development directory
[06:58:02] Victor Perez Juarez: MobileDoc doc = MobileDoc.create("Test");
		doc.getBody().addElement(new b("111 <<< >>> &&& \\\\ \u0100 �"));
		form f = new form("myaction");
[06:58:24] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Victor, Tobi, is this something that can be followed up offline or do you want to deal with it now?
[07:00:01] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): i think we shoould deal with it later..anyways, i guess the best solution would be to ask Paul to look at it and replace whatever
[14:58:50] Victor Perez Juarez: �

<<< is with unicode
[07:00:11] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): like this:  \u0100
[07:00:14] Victor Perez Juarez: I found the issue
[07:00:17] Victor Perez Juarez: I will fix
[07:00:30] Victor Perez Juarez: the build.xml for movie not had utf8
[07:00:32] Victor Perez Juarez: <target name="compile" depends="clean" description="Compile Java sources">
	    <mkdir dir="${classes.dir}"/>
	    <javac target="1.7" 
	    	   encoding="UTF-8"
	    	   srcdir="WEB-INF/src"
	           destdir="${classes.dir}"
	           debug="${compile.debug}"
	     	   deprecation="${compile.deprecation}"
	           optimize="${compile.optimize}">
	        <classpath refid="compile.classpath"/>
	    </javac>
[07:00:37] Mario Calderón: ok
can we move on to the next items?
[07:00:42] Victor Perez Juarez: is need add  encoding="UTF-8"
[07:00:42] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): thanks..
[07:00:47] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): ah, thx
[07:01:06] Victor Perez Juarez: I fix and commit
[07:01:23] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Mario, from the review in last meeting what works remained to be completed for the new release .. can u give me a link?
[07:03:19] Mario Calderón: mmh I don't have it Steven
[07:03:33] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): me neither :-(
[07:03:41] Mario Calderón: I can collect it and publish it in the minutes
[07:04:02] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): some things I can remember ... most pressing thing on my mind was the costing improvements
[07:05:18] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Susanne has been working on this an Jacken from adaxa has been testing.  I hope Paul will talk with Susanne also about this. from what I have seen it looks a good improvement.
[07:05:50] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): do other people need to run some tests also .. its a pretty important change.
[07:06:00] Mario Calderón: yes. She told me yesterday, she finished testing
[07:06:25] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): so, should it be committed by Suman so others can test?
[07:06:53] Mario Calderón: Can you meet with her and Victor and decide it?
[07:06:56] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): we have been testing against an instance provided by Susanne up to now.
[07:07:10] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): ok...
[07:07:47] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): anyone remember other things still being finalised (other than what Suman advised earlier)
[07:08:27] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Sorry to not know this but how did Suman go migrating Manuf Light to the Libero BOM structure?
[07:08:55] Mario Calderón: he was about to do it.
it is missing on his reporrt. 
will ask him
[07:09:16] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): thanks .. I have to go now..
[07:09:35] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Victor, will you be moderator for remainder?
[07:09:54] Mario Calderón: bye Steven
[07:10:01] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): bye all
[07:10:24] Victor Perez Juarez: bye
[07:10:30] Victor Perez Juarez: Mario today integrate
[07:10:33] Victor Perez Juarez: warehouse management
[07:10:45] Mario Calderón: ok
[07:10:47] Cristina Ghita: bye
[07:11:15] Mario Calderón: Victor and me had meetings with Alberto Abudinen and Ramiro Vergara (OFB).
They explained us many improvements they've done and offered them to be included.

We reviewd them all, concluding that for 3.8, the following would be recommendable to integrate:
1.- Payment Order
2.- Copy from Inventory internal usage
3.- Copy from material movement
4.- Create combinations with account, but other dimensions = * 
5.- Take qtyReserved out of locator

Tomorrow Victor will meet with the developer of OFB, aiming at including it to Victor's trunk and rolling them out to his instance.
I would review them, as they are not big things.

Going over OFB's contributions, we found that there were several which were developed by other implementors.

Examples of it were: Human Resources (Walking Tree, eEvolution and some others), Fixed Assets (Adaxa, eEvolution, Systemhaus Westfalia), POS (Pedro Rozo, Niki Benitez, etc.) to name just a few.

Thus, the community is reinventing the wheel over and over again, doing double work, becuase we are not cooperating.

We should create a forum -SF is not the proper one- to allow implementors to meet and cooperate so the load is distributed over several shoulders.
[07:17:28] Victor Perez Juarez: Tobi I commit of fix
[07:17:46] Victor Perez Juarez: would test the build from Jenkies
[07:21:22] Victor Perez Juarez: Mario I think that we can copse of revision sunday 20 of october
[07:22:01] Victor Perez Juarez: so we had 2 week to finish
[07:22:11] suman ravuri: Hi All
[07:22:40] Victor Perez Juarez: this way can include OFB and wait if metas can include your changes
[07:22:42] suman ravuri: Apologies I am late
[07:22:42] Mario Calderón: I think we must postpone the reviewing , because the code errors have to be solved yet
[07:22:46] Mario Calderón: hi suman
[07:22:51] Victor Perez Juarez: Hi Suman
[07:22:53] Mario Calderón: nice to meet you
[07:23:08] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [15:22:09] Victor Perez Juarez: Mario I think that we can copse of revision sunday 20 of october
so we had 2 week to finish

<<< what was the release date, again? i think we can't wait any longer for additional contribs
[07:23:18] Mario Calderón: we are talking about postponing the finishing of the reviews
[07:23:26] Mario Calderón: to October 20th
[07:23:32] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): why not include further contribs in the next release?
[07:24:00] Mario Calderón: @Tobi: this would be the consequence
[07:24:22] Mario Calderón: but we still have big issues concernig cloning, buildig, etc.
[07:24:52] Mario Calderón: and still some contribs which are already reviewed, but not integrated
[07:25:48] Mario Calderón: if we officially close this phase on October the 20th and start community test on October 21st, it would be OK with me
[07:26:19] Victor Perez Juarez: Suman , have you a jenkins  server?
[07:26:31] suman ravuri: I do have jenkins server
[07:27:07] Victor Perez Juarez: you have this error
[07:27:08] Victor Perez Juarez: http://asds1.adempiere.de:8080/job/adempiere-3.8.0/lastBuild/console
[07:28:14] suman ravuri: One minute
[07:28:19] suman ravuri: I will get back to you
[07:28:43] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): @mario: ok, i think those that contribute a lot of effort should also have a big weight in such decisions, so pls consider it a rather "light" comment from my side ;-) 
i'm just concerned that this release will become a never-ending story
[07:30:11] Mario Calderón: @Tobi: understand and agree
[07:30:44] suman ravuri: I did not come across this issue
[07:30:57] Mario Calderón: it is that we just decide when to finish reviewing and start community testing
[07:31:06] Victor Perez Juarez: @Tobi can please pull and execute of jenkens task
[07:31:44] Victor Perez Juarez: @So that this version include a lot of change
[07:31:58] Victor Perez Juarez: is very important make intensive testing
[07:32:30] Victor Perez Juarez: so we should using of Mike test contribution to save sahi test script
[07:35:18] Victor Perez Juarez: How long should take the test?
[07:38:42] Mario Calderón: 4 weeks, I would say
[07:38:51] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): @Victor: still the same problem
[07:40:33] suman ravuri: @Tobi, will look into it
[07:40:49] suman ravuri: I will give an update today itself
[07:41:16] Victor Perez Juarez: yes but I not see that got of pull
[07:41:20] Victor Perez Juarez: hg pull
[07:41:44] suman ravuri: [7:12:04 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: yes but I not see that got of pull
[7:12:08 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: hg pull
[07:41:56] suman ravuri: Does this mean you are not getting the code?
[07:42:01] suman ravuri: related code?
[07:42:11] suman ravuri: when you do hg pull?
[07:42:38] Victor Perez Juarez: Suman I said to Tobi
[07:43:03] Victor Perez Juarez: that jenkiens server not have of last commit that I send
[07:43:16] Victor Perez Juarez: to fix the unicode code for mobil build
[07:44:01] Victor Perez Juarez: http://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/code/ci/401ca8a03083af011299af26b77d7bbf72dd3c25/
[07:45:24] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): now trying 
jenkins@asds1:~/jobs/adempiere-3.8.0/workspace$ hg incoming
[07:46:09] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): (waiting :-) )
[07:56:26] Mario Calderón: i have to leave
[07:56:41] Mario Calderón: I will do the minutes and publish them
[07:56:46] Mario Calderón: have a nice day!
[07:56:55] Cristina Ghita: same
[07:56:56] Cristina Ghita: bye
~~~