---
title: FT/TT meeting minutes September 17th 2013
category: Community
star: 9
sticky: 9
tag:
  - Wiki
  - Meetings
article: false
---

# Meeting Minutes
**General**
- **Moderator:** Mario Calderón
- **Secretary:** Cristina Ghita
- **Participants:** Konstantin Herold, Mario Calderon, Suman Ravuri, Victor Perez, Cristina Ghita, Trifon Trifonov, Tobias Schoeneberg
- **Date / Time:** Tuesday, September 17th, 2013 / 15:00 PM - 4:37 PM GMT+3
- *The meeting closed after 1 hour and 37 minutes.*

**Agenda**
1. Minutes of Previous Meeting
2. Actions Taken by RM
3. Technical Team Reviews
4. Functional Team Reviews
5. Actions to Be Taken
6. Miscellaneous
7. Next Meeting

**Minutes of Previous Meeting**
- [Link to Previous Meeting Minutes](http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_September_10th_2013)

**Actions Taken by RM**
- Manufacturing testing completed. Shared feedback with Victor.
- Integrated new jars.

**Technical Team Reviews**
- None.

**Functional Team Reviews**
- None.

**Miscellaneous**
- Metas' plan for contribution.
- Currently working on auto-complete (ZK).
- Gearbox -- trying to finish this week.
- Working on dunning this week.

**Next Meeting**
- Tuesday, September 24th, 2013 / 12:00 PM.


## Log

~~~
[17.09.2013 15:00:58] suman ravuri: Hi All [17.09.2013 15:03:00] Mario Calderón: hi everybody! [17.09.2013 15:03:25] Cristina Ghita: Hi! [17.09.2013 15:03:31] Konstantin Herold: Hi! [17.09.2013 15:03:44] Trifon Trifonov: hi everyone [17.09.2013 15:04:24] Victor Perez Juarez: hi [17.09.2013 15:07:22] Mario Calderón: should we start? [17.09.2013 15:12:06] Mario Calderón: seems my connection is not working properly... [17.09.2013 15:12:29] suman ravuri: let us start [17.09.2013 15:14:23] Mario Calderón: should we? [17.09.2013 15:14:32] Cristina Ghita: ok [17.09.2013 15:17:44] Mario Calderón: moderator, secretary? [17.09.2013 15:27:38] Cristina Ghita: secretar I guess I can be [17.09.2013 15:28:00] Mario Calderón: I can moderate then... [17.09.2013 15:29:35] Mario Calderón: Agenda: [17.09.2013 15:29:37 | Edited 15:30:16] Mario Calderón: 1-Minutes of Previous Meeting 2-Actions taken by RM 3-Technical team reviews 4-Functional Team reviews 5-Actions to be taken 6-Misc -Next meeting [17.09.2013 15:30:36] Mario Calderón: Start with

1-Minutes of Previous Meeting [17.09.2013 15:30:50] Mario Calderón: http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_September_10th_2013 [17.09.2013 15:32:02] Mario Calderón: here, we had pending the functionality by Metas. Mark would come up with a plan to integrate them.

Any news? [17.09.2013 15:32:12] Cristina Ghita: yes [17.09.2013 15:32:14] Cristina Ghita: SO [17.09.2013 15:32:51] Cristina Ghita: *we are currently working on auto-complete (ZK)

the collegue that did gearbox is currently sick -- try to finish this week
we will be working on dunning this week
[17.09.2013 15:33:27] Cristina Ghita: swing autocomplete you can see it in ADEMPIERE-191 branch [17.09.2013 15:33:30] Mario Calderón: I saw there were commits on branch 191 [17.09.2013 15:33:35] Cristina Ghita: yes [17.09.2013 15:33:38] Mario Calderón: yes, we noticed it.. [17.09.2013 15:33:41] Cristina Ghita: zk is not ready yet [17.09.2013 15:34:09] Cristina Ghita: for this is what we can say [17.09.2013 15:34:29] Mario Calderón: great. is this branch also instantiated, so we can test? [17.09.2013 15:34:55] Cristina Ghita: hm.. not sure [17.09.2013 15:35:00] Cristina Ghita: I will check with Tobi [17.09.2013 15:35:05] Mario Calderón: ok [17.09.2013 15:36:07] Cristina Ghita: no, is not; chekcing with Tobi if we can put swing for testing [17.09.2013 15:36:21] Mario Calderón: ok... [17.09.2013 15:37:11] Tobias Schoeneberg: [14:36:05] Cristina Ghita: no, is not; chekcing with Tobi if we can put swing for testing i gthink that should be no problem [17.09.2013 15:37:14] Mario Calderón: I hope Tobi had nice holidays [17.09.2013 15:37:39] Cristina Ghita: Tobi I also have the feeling that dunning is there also [17.09.2013 15:37:51] Tobias Schoeneberg: btw, are you aware that "metas-best practices" is already avaialable for technical (code) review? [17.09.2013 15:38:09] Tobias Schoeneberg: [17 septembrie 2013 15:37] Mario Calderón:

<<< I hope Tobi had nice holidaysthank you :) yes, i had :)) [17.09.2013 15:39:03] Mario Calderón: no, I think, the best would be to create a page with a short description of every functionality, so we can document our reviews [17.09.2013 15:39:37] Tobias Schoeneberg: [17 septembrie 2013 15:37] Cristina Ghita:

<<< Tobi I also have the feeling that dunning is there alsodunning is problably ready implemented, (i.e. it worked from eclipse), but regarding license headers, maybe renaming of migration scripts and building/integration with the trunk it's not yet ready. that's what i hope we will be able to finish this week [17.09.2013 15:39:56] Mario Calderón: ok looks good [17.09.2013 15:40:42] Cristina Ghita: autocompleter: [17.09.2013 15:40:43] Cristina Ghita: http://www.adempiere.com/Autocomplete#Overview [17.09.2013 15:40:43] Mario Calderón: one question to Cristina and Tobi: do you think the review will take short time? [17.09.2013 15:40:57] Cristina Ghita: autocompelte and gear box, yes [17.09.2013 15:41:07] Cristina Ghita: dunning I think is partialed reviewed [17.09.2013 15:41:12] Cristina Ghita: by Karsten [17.09.2013 15:41:21] Mario Calderón: ok [17.09.2013 15:41:36] Mario Calderón: then we should invite to review as soon as instance is announced [17.09.2013 15:41:49] Tobias Schoeneberg: [17 septembrie 2013 15:40] Mario Calderón:

<<< one question to Cristina and Tobi: do you think the review will take short time?i think code-reviewing the best practices might be a big chunk [17.09.2013 15:41:55] Cristina Ghita: I am trying to do as I did in Autocomplete for each contribution in part [17.09.2013 15:42:12] Mario Calderón: this can be done by Victor and other TT members.... [17.09.2013 15:42:42] Cristina Ghita: just let me know if you think that What I wrote there is enough [17.09.2013 15:42:59] Mario Calderón: great, I ' ll do. so, we wait for the announcement of the instance. [17.09.2013 15:43:31] Mario Calderón: let's move on to the next item: 2-Actions taken by RM [17.09.2013 15:43:51] suman ravuri: Manufacturing testing completed. Shared feedback to Victor. Integrated new jars Yet to get code for new features Need to get range for WTC and RM [17.09.2013 15:44:59] Mario Calderón: @Suman: new jars? about ID range, perhaps Tobi can scream out to Norbert to fix it... [17.09.2013 15:45:24] suman ravuri: you shaed latet jars for tools and jasper reports [17.09.2013 15:45:40] Mario Calderón: ah great! the ones I sent you? [17.09.2013 15:45:51] Mario Calderón: did you review them? [17.09.2013 15:46:07] Tobias Schoeneberg: [17 septembrie 2013 15:44] Mario Calderón:

<<< about ID range, perhaps Tobi can scream out to Norbert to fix it...i'm sorry, Norbert was sick yesterday and today. hope i will be back tomorrow [17.09.2013 15:46:42] suman ravuri: @Mario, I will share test results with latest jars today [17.09.2013 15:47:33] Mario Calderón: @Victor: this means, the whole Libero Manufacuting and newest functions around Manufacturing are integrated? [17.09.2013 15:48:10] Victor Perez Juarez: Suman I saw a sf msg that say that exist a issue with barcode new jasper library [17.09.2013 15:48:22] Mario Calderón: like scheduling of the demands, scheduling of the supplies, etc... [17.09.2013 15:49:01] Victor Perez Juarez: @Mario currently is integrate only base [17.09.2013 15:49:20] Victor Perez Juarez: I need add this week the other new small improves [17.09.2013 15:50:49] Mario Calderón: ok [17.09.2013 15:51:14 | Edited 15:52:56] Mario Calderón: @Suman: is there any contribution besides Metas and Libero to be integrated? [17.09.2013 15:52:09] Mario Calderón: My questions aims to the following: we've reviewed the different contributions; now we should move on to test. We should set now a date for starting the functional tests. [17.09.2013 15:52:40] Mario Calderón: to which the whole community should be invited... [17.09.2013 15:53:15] suman ravuri: All the features for which review is completed and code is avilable integration is completed [17.09.2013 15:56:37] Mario Calderón: I remember we set September / October to Release... [17.09.2013 15:59:19] suman ravuri: If features ready I have bandwidth to integrate [17.09.2013 15:59:30] suman ravuri: still we can october 21 release [17.09.2013 15:59:32] suman ravuri: aim [17.09.2013 16:01:24] Tobias Schoeneberg: i think we should *not* change the date.. even if we or other's don't manage to rpoved all contribs in time it would be sad, but still i think the date should be sacrosant [17.09.2013 16:02:22] Mario Calderón: good. We should move to keep it. So, when will be the contribs -exceptin Libero and Metas- be integrated? [17.09.2013 16:02:31] Tobias Schoeneberg: (note that we defentely want our contribs inside the next release :), it's just that i wouldn't want the release be postponed because something is not ready at the deadline ) [17.09.2013 16:03:08] Mario Calderón: my question aims to set a date for testing [17.09.2013 16:03:29] Mario Calderón: review finish -or ongoing- but test starts [17.09.2013 16:03:57] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that can set this september end for release rc1 [17.09.2013 16:04:14] Mario Calderón: by then integration must be done... [17.09.2013 16:04:17] Cristina Ghita: yes, sound a doable term [17.09.2013 16:04:18] Victor Perez Juarez: so we have all october and november to test [17.09.2013 16:04:24] Mario Calderón: ok [17.09.2013 16:05:09 | Edited 16:05:24] Mario Calderón: so question: anybody for closing integration with September 30th? And start officially to test October 1st? [17.09.2013 16:06:39] Victor Perez Juarez: +1 [17.09.2013 16:07:02] Victor Perez Juarez: the is have all October to test [17.09.2013 16:07:48] suman ravuri: All the features that need intgegrated should be ready at least 7 days before September 30th [17.09.2013 16:07:50] Tobias Schoeneberg: +1 (strictly, we should even close integration at sept 21th, but i'm gratefull for the additional time :) ) [17.09.2013 16:08:23] Mario Calderón: +1 from me then [17.09.2013 16:08:29] Cristina Ghita: +1 [17.09.2013 16:08:37] suman ravuri: i.e. 23rd we need to have features technically and functionally reviewed with code in place [17.09.2013 16:09:22] suman ravuri: can we aim 23rd as cut off date for features to be integrated in 380? [17.09.2013 16:10:21] Victor Perez Juarez: September 30th [17.09.2013 16:10:46] Mario Calderón: we need a couple of days to review Metas contribs. If they are done this week, we need at least 4-5 days more [17.09.2013 16:10:47] Victor Perez Juarez: so we have 2 week to finish [17.09.2013 16:11:12] Cristina Ghita: yes, I think we need this timeframe [17.09.2013 16:11:37] suman ravuri: then can put test start date as october 7th? [17.09.2013 16:11:48] Cristina Ghita: yes [17.09.2013 16:11:58] Cristina Ghita: or 8th? [17.09.2013 16:12:19] Victor Perez Juarez: so the question how many time need to build of binary Suman [17.09.2013 16:12:54] suman ravuri: build binary does not take time [17.09.2013 16:13:06] suman ravuri: but i am doing integration testing as well [17.09.2013 16:13:13] Victor Perez Juarez: I think is necessary finish some task [17.09.2013 16:13:21] suman ravuri: in all different combination [17.09.2013 16:13:27] Victor Perez Juarez: for example update of jdbc to last version [17.09.2013 16:13:51] Victor Perez Juarez: modify of oracle script for oracle 11 [17.09.2013 16:13:52] Mario Calderón: ok... [17.09.2013 16:13:59] Mario Calderón: so we have a lot to do [17.09.2013 16:14:08] Mario Calderón: anything more on this item? [17.09.2013 16:14:14] Victor Perez Juarez: create of seed for postgresql 8.3 [17.09.2013 16:14:24] Victor Perez Juarez: create of seed for oracle 11 [17.09.2013 16:14:30] Victor Perez Juarez: create seed for mysql [17.09.2013 16:14:36] Mario Calderón: you mean Postgres 9.2 Victor? [17.09.2013 16:15:31] Victor Perez Juarez: create the seed for this new log version [17.09.2013 16:15:48] Victor Perez Juarez: we will migrate our old infrestructure [17.09.2013 16:16:00] Victor Perez Juarez: so with that we should test [17.09.2013 16:16:36] suman ravuri: @Victor, mysql is not yet ready [17.09.2013 16:16:46] suman ravuri: we do not have base seed ready yet [17.09.2013 16:16:50] Victor Perez Juarez: I think should test with must recent data bases , of same way that we update out libraries [17.09.2013 16:17:26] Victor Perez Juarez: yes I know this reason why we need 2 week :) [17.09.2013 16:17:43] Mario Calderón: we decided last week to put a special point in the wiki. I must do it [17.09.2013 16:17:43] Victor Perez Juarez: or then need remove mysql of core [17.09.2013 16:17:51] Mario Calderón: If nothing more, let's move on to 3-Technical team reviews 4-Functional Team reviews

as far as I know, nothing has been done last week [17.09.2013 16:19:27] Victor Perez Juarez: So we need some way to migrate from oracle xe to mysql [17.09.2013 16:19:51] Victor Perez Juarez: some know if oracle have some tootls to make this work [17.09.2013 16:19:57] Victor Perez Juarez: ? [17.09.2013 16:23:48] Mario Calderón: not that I know, perhaps Trifon or some technical guy. This is a good question to post to the community... [17.09.2013 16:24:23] Mario Calderón: (I think we jumped to 5.- Misc ?) [17.09.2013 16:24:33] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that we should include as a good tools of work of Stefan [17.09.2013 16:24:35] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.adempiere.com/Universal_Migration_Tool [17.09.2013 16:24:44] Victor Perez Juarez: and try enable mysql [17.09.2013 16:24:56] Mario Calderón: this is really good Victor [17.09.2013 16:25:10] Victor Perez Juarez: this will go way to migrate of old adempiere version , even from compiere [17.09.2013 16:25:54] Victor Perez Juarez: we should take in our perspective that this should be way to an easy migration , if we had a good base seed [17.09.2013 16:26:22] Victor Perez Juarez: can release as experimental or testing [17.09.2013 16:26:35] Victor Perez Juarez: WDYT [17.09.2013 16:26:58] Cristina Ghita: sounds good [17.09.2013 16:29:23] Mario Calderón: k [17.09.2013 16:29:26] Mario Calderón: ok [17.09.2013 16:29:38] Mario Calderón: anything mor for Misc? [17.09.2013 16:29:47 | Removed 16:31:07] Mark Krake: This message has been removed. [17.09.2013 16:30:05 | Removed 16:31:11] Mark Krake: This message has been removed. [17.09.2013 16:30:12 | Removed 16:31:15] Mark Krake: This message has been removed. [17.09.2013 16:30:24 | Removed 16:31:19] Mark Krake: This message has been removed. [17.09.2013 16:31:28] Mark Krake: sorry, wrong chat. hi all :) [17.09.2013 16:31:32] Cristina Ghita: wrong window :D [17.09.2013 16:31:40] Tobias Schoeneberg: [17 septembrie 2013 16:29] Mario Calderón:

<<< anything mor for Misc?one thing (one second) [17.09.2013 16:31:47] Mario Calderón: hi Mark, anyway, nice to meet you [17.09.2013 16:32:02] Tobias Schoeneberg: i saw some odd code in.. [17.09.2013 16:32:12 | Edited 16:32:15] Cristina Ghita: where? [17.09.2013 16:32:42] Tobias Schoeneberg: org.compiere.grid.ed.VBinary [17.09.2013 16:32:53] Tobias Schoeneberg: in the 380rc1 branch [17.09.2013 16:33:05] Tobias Schoeneberg: lots of // TODO Auto-generated method stub [17.09.2013 16:33:29] Tobias Schoeneberg: maybe suman can have a look? i think it came in with trifons 370lts-patches [17.09.2013 16:33:56] suman ravuri: Hi Tobi, send this feedback to me. I will fix it [17.09.2013 16:34:10] Tobias Schoeneberg: ok, thx [17.09.2013 16:35:28] Mario Calderón: so, next item

-Next meeting

same time , next week? [17.09.2013 16:36:30] Cristina Ghita: yes [17.09.2013 16:36:33] Cristina Ghita: same same [17.09.2013 16:36:40] suman ravuri: bye [17.09.2013 16:36:46] Cristina Ghita: bye [17.09.2013 16:37:03] Tobias Schoeneberg: bye [17.09.2013 16:37:19] Mario Calderón: bye and nice day still
~~~