---
title: FT/TT meeting minutes July 1st 2013
category: Community
star: 9
sticky: 9
tag:
  - Wiki
  - Meetings
article: false
---

# Meeting Minutes

**General**
- **Moderator:** Victor Perez
- **Secretary:** Steven Sackett
- **Participants:** Mario Calderon, Suman Ravuri, Steven Sackett, Tobias Schöneberg, Victor Perez, Teo Sarca, Boris Gelman, Cristina Ghita, Mike McKay, Trifon Trifonov, Konstantin Herold
- **Date/ Time:** July 1st, 2013 / 12:00 PM - 2:30 PM GMT

**Agenda**
1. Vote for new members
2. Technical team reviews
3. Functional Team reviews
4. Actions to be taken
5. Next meeting

**Discussion**
1. **Vote for new members of TT and FT:**
   - **New members of TT:** Christina Ghita, Boris Gelman, Yamel Senih
   - **New members of FT:** Konstantin Herold (Anuj Agarval's inclusion held over due to missing Skype information)

2. **Technical team reviews:**
   - **Java Version:** Discussion about supporting Java 6 and Java 7 for version 3.80. Concerns raised about compatibility with older software. Decision deferred to next meeting.
   - **Swing and ZK Required:** Discussion on including both Swing and ZK or flagging one as beta. Final agreement to include both but flag as beta.
   - **Password Hash:** Christina to review password hash implementation.
   - **Metas_best_practices_/_bugfixes_/_improvements:** Teo advised on code contribution and wiki page availability.
   - **New Dunning Functionality, SPM Software Project Management:** Waiting for code to be tested.

3. **Functional team reviews:**
   - Testing updates:
     - John Agudelo tested new functionality.
     - Range-based lookup, XLS option for Jasper reports, horizontal tabs included.
     - Victor's revised costing under testing by Susanne Calderón, Victor, Paul Bowden, and Steven.

**Next meeting:**
- Monday, July 8th, 12:00 GMT.

**Action Items**
- Technical Team to decide on Java version support.
- Functional Team to continue testing contributions.
- Technical Team to review Swing and ZK inclusion.

## Log

Following is the meeting log - time is in GMT +2

~~~
Monday, 1 July 2013
[05:18:17] Mark Ostermann: hi all, sorry i cannot participate  in FT/ TT today due to other appointment. cu next week again.
[05:40:49] * Mario Calderón invited ctisistemas
[05:41:20] * Mario Calderón invited yamel.senih
[06:05:08] suman ravuri: Hello All
[06:05:30] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Hi Suman
[06:05:45] Victor Perez Juarez: Hi
[06:05:56] Michael McKay: Hi everyone
[06:05:57] suman ravuri: Hi Steven Good Evening
[06:06:05] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): hi Mike..
[06:06:41] Mario Calderón: hi everybody
[06:07:38] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): more people to come?
[06:07:51] Boris Gelman - ctisistemas: Hi everyone
[06:10:33] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): hi, i'm currently troubleshooting some urgent customer issues and will probably stay in read-only mode for this meeting
[06:11:03] Teodor Sarca: hi all
[06:11:20] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): hi Tobias, quick question.. did Paul answer your questions or do u need more?
[06:11:38] Mario Calderón: ok
[06:11:41] * Teodor Sarca invited metas_cg
[06:12:13] suman ravuri: Stautus for my end
[06:12:34] suman ravuri: Checked in latest branch 380rc1
[06:12:43] Mario Calderón: Agenda:

1.- vote for new members
Yamel Senih
Boris Gelmam
Anuj Agarval

2.- Technical team reviews

3.-  Functional Team reviews

4.- Actons to be taken

5.- Next meeting
[06:14:13] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [14:12:03] Steven: hi Tobias, quick question.. did Paul answer your questions or do u need more?

<<< yes, he did. no i think that's ok. he replied that help currently can't help me with the entity type update that i proposed..i'm considering to do if byself
[06:14:15] Mario Calderón: any changes/modifications?
[06:14:16] suman ravuri: +1 for Agenda
[06:14:40] Mario Calderón: any volunteer for moderator/secretary?
[06:14:50] Cristina Ghita: Hi all!
[06:15:02] Mario Calderón: hi Cristina!! (hola)
[06:15:37] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): +1 for Agenda
[06:17:55] Mario Calderón: any volunteers?
[06:19:15] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Mario, skype chat will record the meeting, hat does the secretary have to do?
[06:19:25] Mario Calderón: do the minutes
[06:19:29] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): > [Monday, 1 July 2013 22:19:59 Steven] Mario, skype chat will record the meeting, what does the secretary have to do?
[06:19:36] Mario Calderón: just a summary of it
[06:20:00] Mario Calderón: and publish them both
[06:20:27] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): ok .. I am happy to do that as long as I can finish it tomorrow..
[06:20:35] Mario Calderón: great
[06:21:01] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): everyone ok with that?
[06:21:08] Mario Calderón: +1
[06:21:12] suman ravuri: +1
[06:21:23] Mario Calderón: moderator?
[06:21:34] Victor Perez Juarez: Mario I can
[06:21:52] Mario Calderón: +1
[06:21:53] suman ravuri: +1 for Victor
[06:21:54] Victor Perez Juarez: then starting
[06:22:04] Victor Perez Juarez: Agenda:

1.- vote for new members
Yamel Senih
Boris Gelmam
Anuj Agarval

2.- Technical team reviews

3.-  Functional Team reviews

4.- Actons to be taken

5.- Next meeting
[06:23:06] Victor Perez Juarez: We have news candidates to functional and technical team
[06:23:34] Victor Perez Juarez: is here , Boris , Yamel , Anuj?
[06:25:54] Mario Calderón: seems only Boris is present
[06:26:12] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Victor, I do not know who appoints, or votes for appointments, to either of those committees.  what are the normal processes?
[06:26:37] Mario Calderón: usually, if 2/3 are not against it, they are accepted
[06:26:52] Mario Calderón: according to the statutes
[06:27:11] Victor Perez Juarez: exactly
[06:27:59] Victor Perez Juarez: then can finish the voting via mail list ?
[06:28:10] Victor Perez Juarez: or can voting here
[06:28:12] Victor Perez Juarez: ?
[06:28:13] Mario Calderón: yes, we can
[06:28:37] Victor Perez Juarez: because Cris also ask to join Technical Team
[06:28:59] Mario Calderón: I'd say, we vote here
[06:29:05] Mario Calderón: and get it done
[06:29:26] Mario Calderón: otherwise we would have to set up a survey...
[06:30:05] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): when is an open source project going to refuse to accept volunteers?
[06:30:17] Mario Calderón: heheheh
[06:30:27] Mario Calderón: that is why I vote +1
[06:30:35] Victor Perez Juarez: nop jejejeje
[06:30:40] Victor Perez Juarez: ok
[06:30:46] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [14:29:43] Mario Calderón: I'd say, we vote here

<<< agree
[06:31:04] Victor Perez Juarez: only give the formality of the event
[06:31:06] Teodor Sarca: +1
[06:31:24] Victor Perez Juarez: ok then voting for Cristina Ghita
[06:31:51] Victor Perez Juarez: this the profile
[06:31:52] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.adempiere.com/User:Redchris
[06:32:14] Victor Perez Juarez: +1 for Cristina to join the technical team
[06:32:18] Michael McKay: +1 for Cristina
[06:32:24] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): I am not a member of either committee .. am I allowed a vote?
[06:32:54] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): if yes then +1 ... if no then pls ignore.
[06:33:00] Mario Calderón: @Steven: you can join , be accepted and vote!!
[06:33:24] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): no .. you will make me do the minutes!
[06:33:37] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [14:32:07] Victor Perez Juarez: ok then voting for Cristina Ghita

<<< +1
[06:33:42] suman ravuri: +1
[06:33:45] Mario Calderón: +1
[06:33:57] suman ravuri: For Cristina
[06:35:21] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): there being no objections I assume Cristina is voted in?
[06:35:28] Victor Perez Juarez: nop
[06:35:35] Victor Perez Juarez: next is http://www.adempiere.com/User:Yamel_Senih
[06:35:39] Mario Calderón: +1
[06:35:52] Victor Perez Juarez: here work for  Adempiere android client
[06:36:16] Victor Perez Juarez: +1 for Yamel for thechnical team
[06:36:55] Cristina Ghita: thank you guys for your votes!
[06:37:20] Steven Sackett (Adaxa):  +1 for Yamel for thechnical team
[06:37:29] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): +1 for yamel
[06:38:41] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): (I assume it is the Technical Team that Yamel is interested in?  Victor?)
[06:38:54] Mario Calderón: both teams
[06:39:19] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): ok
[06:39:29] Victor Perez Juarez: yes Mario
[06:39:36] Victor Perez Juarez: yes Steven
[06:39:44] Teodor Sarca: +1
[06:39:55] Victor Perez Juarez: Yamel have the profile for technical tema
[06:40:18] Victor Perez Juarez: I know to Yamel for that is development
[06:40:48] Victor Perez Juarez: so I only can voting for he for Technical Team
[06:41:34] Mario Calderón: we have just received another :
Hi,
I'm Kons from metas.de and I'd like to join the Adempiere functional Team. 
http://www.adempiere.com/User:Kons
http://sourceforge.net/users/konsn

With kind regards
Konstantin Herold
[06:42:21] Victor Perez Juarez: ok Mario let set in finish
[06:42:34] Victor Perez Juarez: now Boris
[06:42:49] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.adempiere.com/User:CTI
[06:43:09] Victor Perez Juarez: Mario Boris as for TT or FT?
[06:44:48] * Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de) invited metas_kh
[06:44:58] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): 
2.- Technical team reviews  ???
[06:45:13] Mario Calderón: he is
[06:45:36] Boris Gelman - ctisistemas: TT
[06:45:54] Victor Perez Juarez: ok +1 Boris join to TT
[06:46:39] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): +1
[06:48:14] Mario Calderón: +1
[06:48:18] Victor Perez Juarez: Teo your vote please
[06:48:56] Victor Perez Juarez: Trifon your vote please
[06:49:11] Victor Perez Juarez: Karsten your vote please
[06:49:52] Victor Perez Juarez: this the profile to Kons
[06:49:53] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.adempiere.com/User:Kons
[06:50:15] Teodor Sarca: +1
[06:50:18] Teodor Sarca: sorry
[06:50:20] Teodor Sarca: i was AFK
[06:50:28] Victor Perez Juarez: ok
[06:50:43] Victor Perez Juarez: +1 my vote to Kons
[06:51:06] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): +1 for konz
[06:51:20] Mario Calderón: +1
[06:52:35] Victor Perez Juarez: ok
[06:52:39] Victor Perez Juarez: aout the anuj
[06:52:56] Victor Perez Juarez: your profile is :
[06:52:57] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.adempiere.com/User:Agarwalanuj
[06:53:16] Victor Perez Juarez: I know that he was include in fictional team before
[06:53:40] Victor Perez Juarez: So I think  that we need your Skype to including in the meeting
[06:54:04] Mario Calderón: I asked him, but still don't have it
[06:54:11] Victor Perez Juarez: somebody know the Skype for Anuj
[06:55:58] Victor Perez Juarez: Cristina, Boris , Yamel  welcome  officially  to Technical Team
[06:56:34] Victor Perez Juarez: now you have the next responsibilities ;-)
[06:56:46] Cristina Ghita: thank you! :)
[06:56:48] Victor Perez Juarez: Responsibilities
As described and voted in the Software Development Procedure
maintains trunk and stabilization branch
ensures that all contributions meet technical requirements in respect to quality
code is documented
backward compatibility is achieved
migration scripts complete
technical documentation sufficient
backward comparability analysis
migration scripts are provided (when needed)
regular releases by providing and supporting a release manager from amongst their members
[06:56:54] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.adempiere.com/Technical_Team
[06:58:32] Victor Perez Juarez: Kons welcome  officially  to Functional Team
[06:58:48] metas_kh: thank you :)
[06:59:09] Victor Perez Juarez: this are you new responsibilities :-)
[06:59:11] Victor Perez Juarez: Responsibilities
As described and voted in the Software Development Procedure
ensures that all contributions meet functional requirements in respect to quality
requirement makes sense
feature is needed in trunk or to be kept as optional extension
requirement is solved
acceptance criteria are defined
test cases are complete
user documentation is sufficient
system documentation is sufficient
[06:59:15] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.adempiere.com/Functional_Team#Responsibilities
[06:59:46] Victor Perez Juarez: Mario can please contact to Anuj to include in the metting
[06:59:55] Mario Calderón: ok
[07:00:08] Victor Perez Juarez: I know the he is part functional team , are into the list
[07:00:25] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that Anuj Skype is missing
[07:00:56] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): 2.- Technical team reviews now?
[07:01:02] Victor Perez Juarez: yes
[07:01:03] Victor Perez Juarez: 2.- Technical team reviews
[07:01:29] suman ravuri: Yes
[07:01:41] suman ravuri: 380RC1 is based on Java 7
[07:02:06] suman ravuri: I suggest to have configurable option to choose between Java 6 and Java 7
[07:02:10] suman ravuri: any suggestions?
[07:02:39] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): well, a question ... why not just 7 as 6 is end of life?
[07:03:04] suman ravuri: just back word compatibilty
[07:03:16] suman ravuri: I am fine with Voting
[07:03:46] suman ravuri: If team decides we are fine with java 7 I am fine with it
[07:04:30] suman ravuri: My idea: User should have a choice to choose
[07:04:32] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that we can compile to support 6 and 7
[07:04:45] Victor Perez Juarez: but we in in future only support java 7
[07:05:14] Victor Perez Juarez: So the binary can be execute by 6 and 7 , but the default is 7
[07:05:22] Victor Perez Juarez: What do you think?
[07:05:59] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Teo?
[07:06:45] suman ravuri: In current state it forces you have java 7 installed in your machine
[07:06:56] Mario Calderón: seems reasonable
[07:07:18] Victor Perez Juarez: yes , Suman
[07:07:32] Victor Perez Juarez: do you know that let both ?
[07:08:55] suman ravuri: does this mean if I use java 6 with confuguration changes I can compile?
[07:11:26] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that exist a way to compile the code for java 7 , but with compatibility to java 6
[07:13:08] Victor Perez Juarez: here exist some answer
[07:13:10] Victor Perez Juarez: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6699347/jdk-7-class-file-backward-compatibility-with-jdk-6
[07:13:18] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/compatibility-417013.html#incompatibilities
[07:14:47] suman ravuri: So the decisions is go with java 7 and if required make changes ( it can be a documentaion ) to support java 6
[07:14:53] suman ravuri: Please vote for it
[07:16:25] Victor Perez Juarez: I can see that can exit some incompatibilities
[07:16:35] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Can someone explain in non-technical terms the benefit we get from continuing to support 6?
[07:17:04] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): just interested to hear .. I realise it is a TT issue
[07:17:06] Victor Perez Juarez: so I think we should be practical , if we go with Java 7  then only would support this to warranties that all work
[07:18:16] Victor Perez Juarez: I have a implementation run from 6 months with java 7 and have not had any problems
[07:19:45] suman ravuri: Some times companies(our customers) take thier own time to move from 6 to 7
[07:19:47] Mario Calderón: I assume it is OK, but I don't know the implications.
We also have java 7 runnning without problem. 
IMHO, this should be voted inside the TT
[07:19:48] Victor Perez Juarez: java 6 only for backwards compatibility, and some can not update environment
[07:19:49] Teodor Sarca: [4:17:50 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: so I think we should be practical , if we go with Java 7  then only would support this to warranties that all work

<<< is there any document or something about what we need to checkout in order to make sure we are fully compatible with java7?
[07:21:04] Victor Perez Juarez: no exist document Teo , only the comments that I need to make
[07:21:09] Victor Perez Juarez: to support java 7
[07:22:19] suman ravuri: as of now I go with Java 7 only support, we will discuss this in TT once in next call and take final call
[07:22:20] Victor Perez Juarez: Teo , Initially I did it as an experiment, make further modifications, replace the use of APIs that were deprecated, and everything seems to be function
[07:22:38] Mario Calderón: I suggest to discuss it inside the TT
[07:22:44] suman ravuri: I hope to conclude this in this week it self
[07:22:52] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): what is TT deciding, (1) defer decision? (2) 7 only?   (3) 6 and 7
[07:23:15] suman ravuri: In between 2 and 3
[07:23:38] Victor Perez Juarez: but is the idea review
[07:23:39] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.adempiere.com/Support_Java_7
[07:24:06] Teodor Sarca: [4:23:23 PM] Mario Calderón: I suggest to discuss it inside the TT

<<< agree. can be pure technical
[07:24:06] Victor Perez Juarez: currently the support for java 7 was merged into development branch
[07:24:19] Victor Perez Juarez: and the binary is compile only for java 7
[07:25:08] Victor Perez Juarez: So I think Suman that we can set this subject in agenda for next meeting of TT
[07:25:12] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Can Suman work on release things on the assumption that it will be 7 only or is that too dangerous?
[07:25:45] Victor Perez Juarez: I will like with Teo and Tobias the impact about the Java7
[07:27:01] Victor Perez Juarez: So I think that if we go with java 7, we need update somethings that are very old
[07:27:02] Victor Perez Juarez: for example jasper libraries
[07:27:02] Victor Perez Juarez: the JBoss distribution , or maybe remove
[07:27:27] Victor Perez Juarez: release new using only tomcat 7
[07:27:57] Victor Perez Juarez: but this change can be more invasive and need more testing
[07:29:27] Victor Perez Juarez: so we would make and do for the releases candidates tests
[07:30:45] Mario Calderón: let's move on?
[07:31:05] Victor Perez Juarez: ok let me set this subjects
[07:31:21] Victor Perez Juarez: into the next agenda for meeting of Technical team
[07:31:34] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): next topic?
[07:32:10] Victor Perez Juarez: we have work pending as Technical Team the summay :
[07:32:33] Victor Perez Juarez: 1.- Other new members join to help with of work
[07:33:50] Victor Perez Juarez: Cristina will review Password Hash
[07:34:09] Victor Perez Juarez: Teo public the metas BP
[07:34:21] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.adempiere.com/Metas_best_practices_/_bugfixes_/_improvements
[07:34:38] Teodor Sarca: yes, the wiki page is there and source code is contributed
[07:36:41] Victor Perez Juarez: we are to wait for public the code , so I can starting of revision for New Dunning Functionality , SPM Software Project Management
[07:37:26] Victor Perez Juarez: a new ABP was public for license text here
[07:37:39] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.adempiere.com/ADempiere_Best_Practices#License_GPLv2
[07:38:10] Victor Perez Juarez: we are to answer if Adaxa is agree with change your contribution with this new license text
[07:38:39] Victor Perez Juarez: Tobias ask to Paul , he aware that Steven will answer about this
[07:38:48] Teodor Sarca: [4:35:22 PM] Teodor Sarca: yes, the wiki page is there and source code is contributed

<<< i've just added JIRA link and Mercurial Link
[07:39:05] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): our answer is that we dont really care.
[07:39:22] Victor Perez Juarez: and Tobias receipt the feedback from Paul
[07:39:32] Victor Perez Juarez: for  http://www.adempiere.com/Sales_Management_%28CRM%29
[07:39:36] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): it seems that mostly it will be derivative work and inherit the gplv2 terms
[07:40:54] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): [15:38:10] Victor Perez Juarez: a new ABP was public for license text here
http://www.adempiere.com/ADempiere_Best_Practices#License_GPLv2
we are to answer if Adaxa is agree with change your contribution with this new license text
Tobias ask to Paul , he aware that Steven will answer about this

<<< yes, i edited the ABP. received an answer from both Steven and Paul, and i understood that the whole topic doesn't keep them awake at night, but it's ok for them if i edit their license headers for SalesMgmt
[07:41:35] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): i started editing the header in the FR-branch, in their newly added files
[07:45:02] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): @Tobias, we have not considered signing a contributor agreement .. we just licence everything as gplv2.  if someone shows it causes no pain we will agree to gplv2 or later.  I regard the the very split up copyright as good rather than bad.  If you like we should discuss off line to save making people fall asleep.
[07:45:31] Victor Perez Juarez: we have here other big question we are willing accept of contribution that support  strictly support swing and zk
[07:46:11] Victor Perez Juarez: so we have some now
[07:46:16] Teodor Sarca: [4:46:15 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: swing and zk

<<< i would say... depends... but generally i would say "no"
[07:46:25] Victor Perez Juarez: GL reconciliation
[07:46:49] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): GL Reconciliation is done in zk and swing
[07:46:52] Victor Perez Juarez: Payment Request
[07:47:06] Teodor Sarca: ... not as an official extension, module.... but can cohexist in our mercurial repositories, and people can install it from there
[07:47:07] Victor Perez Juarez: Improves Info forms (Mike says on 28 May... not complete in ZK yet)
[07:47:09] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): @Steven: ok, thank you. pls contact me when it's a good time to you
[07:47:17] suman ravuri: let us accept it supports either one of them
[07:47:36] suman ravuri: we request same contributor to do other part
[07:47:44] Victor Perez Juarez: and this for example only support ZK
[07:47:45] Victor Perez Juarez: Range based lookup (hope this includes all date selection fields in search screens being a fom date/to date per the WT wiki)
--John Agudelo 12:52, 24 June 2013 (UTC) - Functional Review
XLS option for jasper reports
--John Agudelo 12:52, 24 June 2013 (UTC) - Functional Review
Included tabs as horizontal tabs
[07:47:46] suman ravuri: otherwise we can take community help
[07:48:17] suman ravuri: I can add them in swing as well
[07:48:23] Victor Perez Juarez: @Steven I think that only was for swing , but if are for ZK great
[07:48:23] suman ravuri: I can get them
[07:49:13] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): @Victor, It is running in zk on a client site already .. its just one form ..
[07:49:36] Victor Perez Juarez: ok
[07:50:19] Victor Perez Juarez: and the  question Want deprecate  swing as made idempiere :-)?
[07:50:54] suman ravuri: based on customers we support
[07:50:57] Trifon Trifonov: SWING is usefull.
[07:51:06] suman ravuri: I don't have swing based customers
[07:51:14] Trifon Trifonov: I have only swing customers.
[07:51:25] Victor Perez Juarez: Hey Trifon
[07:51:30] suman ravuri: If there is user base then we need to support
[07:51:51] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): we have users using both .. I am sure many others have also
[07:51:54] Schöneberg, Tobias (metas.de): (for the record, we have both swing-only and webui-only customers :) )
[07:52:12] Victor Perez Juarez: @Trifon,  I thought you were not here
[07:52:21] Trifon Trifonov: I'm here
[07:52:29] Trifon Trifonov: but had no time to post.
[07:52:36] Victor Perez Juarez: ok
[07:53:16] suman ravuri: so we retain swing as we have chunk of customers
[07:54:03] Michael McKay: Info forms are coming - final testing now.
[07:54:05] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): So, the issue is what do we do with functionality that is good to have but may be presented only as swing, or only as zk.
[07:54:17] Trifon Trifonov: nothing, just accept it.
[07:54:28] Victor Perez Juarez: well then if we continue to support both interfaces, the solutions should be implemented for both and this should be similar
[07:54:41] Trifon Trifonov: if it is good for other users then they will support development of the other Uiser Interface, it is quite simple.
[07:54:47] suman ravuri: @Victor +1
[07:54:52] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): ok .. there was a suggestion to flag it as beta if not in both ... is that now abandoned?
[07:55:39] Trifon Trifonov: fact that something works only in swing do not mean that is the not production ready.
[07:56:22] Mario Calderón: let's stick to be beta if not both Swing and WebUI are implemented, and encourage to have both
[07:56:32] suman ravuri: + Mario
[07:56:34] suman ravuri: +1
[07:56:59] Victor Perez Juarez: we should just accept if the original contributor agrees to finish the job, if it should not be omitted
[07:57:26] Trifon Trifonov: @Victor this increases the effrot on the original dev :(
[07:57:28] Teodor Sarca: [4:57:07 PM] Mario Calderón: let's stick to be beta if not both Swing and WebUI are implemented, and encourage to have both

<<< yes, and technically speaking, in this case i would say that is absolutelly mandatory those UIs to respected MVC or MVVM pattern.
[07:57:41] Victor Perez Juarez: I do not like to have contributions mainline killed in the code
[07:57:59] Victor Perez Juarez: for example Posterita , Fixed asset
[07:58:11] Victor Perez Juarez: MySQL support
[07:59:22] Trifon Trifonov: what means mainline killed in the code?
[07:59:59] Victor Perez Juarez: Another proposal is to use hours of release management to make this work for worthwhile contributions
[08:00:29] Victor Perez Juarez: @Trifon dead code, or it is no longer maintained
[08:00:30] Teodor Sarca: [5:00:44 PM] Victor Perez Juarez: Another proposal is to use hours of release management to make this work for worthwhile contributions

<<< -1
[08:01:09] Trifon Trifonov: Victor why do you think that MySQL port is not maintained?
[08:02:15] Victor Perez Juarez: then continue with our best practice, so that a contribution is accepted to work on swing and ZK, ask the contributor to its support for finishing this work
[08:02:43] Victor Perez Juarez: @Trifon we have not the seed and migration script
[08:03:09] Victor Perez Juarez: so if we think to continue with MySQL the need solve this in next version
[08:03:12] Trifon Trifonov: Yes, Had SEED but it was not accepted at proper time when i developed it.
[08:03:19] Trifon Trifonov: then i had no time to make another one.
[08:03:40] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that adaxa XML migration can reduce the work sql script, because only it will be only inXML
[08:03:47] Victor Perez Juarez: but we need a mysql seed
[08:04:46] Victor Perez Juarez: Trifon I think that is good moment to release an mysql seed for 380
[08:05:16] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): if a contributor provides something good in swing but with no zk or vice versa I think we should accept it .. only question is whether to flag as beta.   As Trifon says, if it is good someone will provide the other interface.  Can we vote ..
[08:06:14] suman ravuri: [7:36:01 PM] Steven:  if it is good someone will provide the other interface.  Can we vote .

<<< +1
[08:06:16] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): (1) require zk and swing or reject  (2) require swing or zk but flag as beta,  (3) accept and not flag as beta
[08:06:56] suman ravuri: +1 for 2
[08:07:08] Steven Sackett (Adaxa):  +1 for (2)
[08:07:15] Trifon Trifonov: +1 for (2)
[08:07:30] Mario Calderón: +1 for (2)
[08:07:50] Victor Perez Juarez: @Trifon for mysql we need a seed , So from now on front migration can be via  adaxa migration , so if you can assist then  would be great
[08:08:09] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): any other votes?
[08:09:01] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): ok .. looks like we go with (2)
[08:09:07] suman ravuri: so we consider it as appoved
[08:09:18] suman ravuri: yes we go with (2)
[08:09:39] suman ravuri: @teo would you like to vote?
[08:09:40] Victor Perez Juarez: +1 voting in stable verisions this the solution for both
[08:09:58] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): More Technical Items?
[08:09:59] Teodor Sarca: i abstain. is to generic to define a general rule
[08:10:55] Victor Perez Juarez: I support to Teo
[08:11:06] Victor Perez Juarez: this is a Adempiere Best Practice
[08:11:10] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Teo, at the moment we are giving Suman a set of rules to rely on.. we can always change the rules if we have to.
[08:11:15] Victor Perez Juarez: I not like remove :-(
[08:12:55] Teodor Sarca: personally i was tempted to say (1), but we can have *exceptions*. any way, if we go with (2) we will defenetelly need to enforce additional code quality rules... if we want that somebody else to continue writting the other UI (zk/swing)
[08:13:46] suman ravuri: I need to go due to other planned activity
[08:13:54] Mario Calderón: bye Suman
[08:13:56] suman ravuri: will read chat later
[08:14:11] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): sure, its not an easy call .. for example we have some function that lets you reuse previously selected parameters in report and process and I love it .. but its only in swing.
[08:14:15] Victor Perez Juarez: the problem will have different functionality in the swing or ZK do for them is to leave that is not implemented
[08:14:36] Teodor Sarca: bye suman
[08:15:29] Teodor Sarca: [5:14:55 PM] Steven: sure, its not an easy call .. for example we have some function that lets you reuse previously selected parameters in report and process and I love it .. but its only in swing.

<<< exactly, that would be an exception. Other example could be things that does not make sense to have it in the other UI
[08:16:30] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): I have to go in 15 also... are there any other technical reports  or can we move to functional?
[08:16:44] Mario Calderón: just one point
[08:18:16] Mario Calderón: I suggest that 

1.- Suman includes in his branch all contributions that have been functionally and technically reviewed

2.- all missing reviews/ammendments have to be finished

3.- meeting next week same time
[08:18:47] Victor Perez Juarez: ok
[08:18:59] Victor Perez Juarez: continue with next 3.-  Functional Team reviews
[08:20:22] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): I can report that Susanne, Victor , Paul and myself have spent a lot of time on costing (mainly average costing) and we are making some reasonable progress but we are not done yet.
[08:20:24] Mario Calderón: still missing sites from Metas and WT
[08:21:39] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): any Metas people can advise us?
[08:22:28] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Pradeep and Suman are gone for now..
[08:22:32] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Other reports?
[08:22:54] Mario Calderón: I have another meeting
[08:23:03] Mario Calderón: will follow this though
[08:23:11] Teodor Sarca: [5:22:24 PM] Steven: any Metas people can advise us?

<<< sorry, i am not up2date with functional reviews
[08:24:06] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Teo, we thought Metas was going to put up a demo system to show the functionality they wanted to contribute so others could review.
[08:25:12] Teodor Sarca: yes, it's true but i am not aware of the status
[08:25:19] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): ok ..
[08:25:40] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Seems we are done for today.. anyone disagree?
[08:26:22] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): ok.. bye all.
[08:26:24] Teodor Sarca: agree
[08:26:32] Trifon Trifonov: bye
[08:26:32] Teodor Sarca: bye all
[08:26:33] Mario Calderón: bye Steven
[08:26:39] Mario Calderón: bye Trifon
[08:29:05] Victor Perez Juarez: @Steven, yes
[08:29:10] Victor Perez Juarez: we finish , and continue
[08:29:22] Victor Perez Juarez: in next meeting
[08:29:35] Victor Perez Juarez: see you
~~~

