---
title: FT/TT meeting minutes October 15th 2013
category: Community
star: 9
sticky: 9
tag:
  - Wiki
  - Meetings
article: false
---

## General

- Moderator: Steven Sackett
- Secretary: Mario Calderon
- Participants: Cristina Ghita, Mario Calderon, Suman Ravuri, Victor Perez, Steven Sackett, Mike McKay (partially)
- Date / Time: Tuesday, October 15th 2013 / 12:00h - 14:14h GMT
- The meeting closed after 2 hours 14 mins

**Agenda**
1. Minutes of Previous Meeting
2. Actions taken by RM
3. Technical team reviews
4. Functional Team reviews
5. Actions to be taken
6. Misc
7. Next meeting

**Minutes of Previous Meeting**
- [Previous Meeting Minutes](http://www.adempiere.com/FT/TT_meeting_minutes_October_8th_2013)

**Actions taken by RM**
- postgres 9.3 is integrated
- SmartJSP report improvements in progress
- Process Gear in Window Integrated
- Autocomplete Integrated

**Technical team reviews**
- Not any announced

**Functional team reviews**
- Not any announced

**Misc**
- Problems with updating repository
- On Windows
- Problem solved ([Link](https://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/discussion/610548/thread/502bc2e3/))
- Still, there might be people who face the problem, but ignore the solution
- A page should be written, explaining the problem and the solution (not any responsible appointed)
- Problems with Metas' contributions: seems that merging from original branches was wrong. Victor will help RM to overcome this.
- Task on RM: to get the repository stable so tests can begin

**Next meeting**
- Tuesday, October 22nd 2013 / 12:00h. GMT

## Log

Following is the meeting log - time is in GMT -6

~~~
Tuesday, 15 October 2013
[05:56:59] Mario Calderón: hello everybody!
[05:59:10] Victor Perez Juarez: Hi
[05:59:31] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): hi all
[06:05:15] Mario Calderón: just the three of us?
[06:06:19] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): seems so
[06:06:27] Victor Perez Juarez: We need Suman
[06:07:33] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): i pinged him a moment ago
[06:08:57] suman ravuri: Hi All
[06:09:09] Mario Calderón: hi Suman
[06:09:23] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): hi Suman
[06:09:26] suman ravuri: Sorry I was at another desk
[06:10:17] suman ravuri: Shall we start?
[06:10:28] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): sure
[06:10:56] Victor Perez Juarez: Yes
[06:11:17] Mario Calderón: ok
[06:11:36] Mario Calderón: me secrteary, Steven moderator?
[06:12:13] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): ok .. we can be quick?
[06:12:51] Mario Calderón: yes
[06:12:58] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): we move past the minutes and go to what has been happening?
[06:13:06] Mario Calderón: let's start
[06:13:32] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Suman, please let us know whathas happened in the week
[06:14:50] suman ravuri: 1. postgres 9.3 is integrated

2. SmartJSP report improvments inprogress

3. Process Gear in Window Integrated

4. Autocomplete Integrated
[06:15:51] suman ravuri: Manufacturing lite I am yet to commit in 380rc1
[06:16:19] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): will you be modifying for Libero BOM before committing or later?
[06:16:37] suman ravuri: I am planning it to be later
[06:16:53] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): ok
[06:16:54] Victor Perez Juarez: In 3 and 4 i told with Cris
[06:17:48] suman ravuri: 3&4 how come we got some code which is not at all complete
[06:17:50] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): I am hoping we can agree to finish just the above and move on to testing. (plus costing changes!)
[06:17:54] Victor Perez Juarez: Thy said that was include code no finish , in this case migration tools
[06:18:31] suman ravuri: I reverted this feature 1 month back and now i have do it again
[06:18:51] suman ravuri: one more request, can we get rid of this git dependency?
[06:20:00] suman ravuri: this is making my life difficult and new entrants will find it very diffucult to download the code
[06:20:46] Victor Perez Juarez: What is of problem
[06:21:03] Victor Perez Juarez: We solve in last merge
[06:21:11] suman ravuri: We together spent all most three hours to checkin code from my machine
[06:21:12] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Suman, I realise that last question is one for technical people but what is the "git dependency"?
[06:21:26] Victor Perez Juarez: And All are work
[06:22:06] suman ravuri: as of new for 380rc1 to work properly we need to install mercury as well as git
[06:22:42] suman ravuri: to work properly - means push and pull the changes
[06:23:17] suman ravuri: and need to do some undocumented configurations specific to windows
[06:23:33] Victor Perez Juarez: Yes is a small step
[06:23:34] suman ravuri: I was unaware of this
[06:23:42] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): ...and up to now only mercurial was needed?
[06:23:54] suman ravuri: only with Victor's help I came out of that mess
[06:24:05] suman ravuri: I was not able to solve on my own
[06:24:38] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Victor, Is the git dependency something you have introduced?
[06:24:48] suman ravuri: Mich was facing similar problem
[06:25:05] Victor Perez Juarez: The issue is combinación Windows and mercurial
[06:25:27] suman ravuri: @Steve, Victor added that git dependency to retain the change history of manufacuting management
[06:25:40] Victor Perez Juarez: I can see that mercurial cliente not work as should
[06:26:05] Victor Perez Juarez: Manufacturing and payroll
[06:26:17] suman ravuri: we need to have change history but not at the cost of stability of repository
[06:26:41] Victor Perez Juarez: And now  warehause management
[06:27:27] suman ravuri: I would recommend to remove and find better alternative, this will become serious constraint for new user adoptability
[06:27:57] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Victor, I was being asked same question also by our people.
[06:28:28] Victor Perez Juarez: Not is unnestable only need know how manage
[06:28:49] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): excuse my ignorance but are Mercurial and Git both designed to do the same thing?
[06:29:06] Victor Perez Juarez: Yes
[06:29:11] suman ravuri: @Steve, yes
[06:29:27] suman ravuri: but Victor's code base is in git
[06:29:45] suman ravuri: all the change history is recorded on git
[06:29:57] Victor Perez Juarez: The issue i have mi contribution as sepárate project
[06:30:35] Victor Perez Juarez: In git when we integrate only add how sub repository
[06:30:41] suman ravuri: we are not able to find good tool to migrate history from git to mercury
[06:31:46] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): it sounds like a significant technical change that should only be done with the agreement of the technical team? have they been asked for their views?
[06:31:54] Mario Calderón: I think it is a solved matter. You have to know how to proceed. It has to be published.
[06:32:20] Mario Calderón: the reason for doing this was a preparation for the future
[06:32:38] Mario Calderón: Metas' people suggested it (Teo, Mark, Cris)
[06:32:45] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Mario, when you say it is solved do you mean the technical team have agreed with the change?
[06:32:47] Mario Calderón: and we agreed on it
[06:32:53] Victor Perez Juarez: So the unique for dev that using Windows need clone git sub repository when Switch of branch to other
[06:33:31] Mario Calderón: I mean, people working with windows MUST KNOW that they have to delete directory... and so on
[06:34:17] suman ravuri: But Metas suggestion is maintain as sub project(inside adempiere) not git depenedency
[06:34:30] suman ravuri: git dependency is just to retain history
[06:34:39] suman ravuri: @Victor, corrent me if I am wrong
[06:34:45] Victor Perez Juarez: We testing in Macos and Linux and not have issue
[06:34:48] Mario Calderón: @Steven: yes, the change was agreed on a similar meeting. It is in the minutes.
The problem came when people developing on windows updated to RC
[06:35:20] Victor Perez Juarez: Because synceonize with sub repository
[06:35:22] Mario Calderón: the update is not "automatic", but you have to do manually somenthing. That is all.
[06:36:00] Victor Perez Juarez: In automátic
[06:36:12] Mario Calderón: afterwards, it works
[06:36:32] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Mario, if "that is all" why is Suman suggesting it is a problem .. there is a disconnect there..
[06:36:40] suman ravuri: Let us try middle path
[06:36:55] Mario Calderón: ...but somebody must publish it so everybody knows about it
[06:37:00] Victor Perez Juarez: I got in similar post from forum using only git
[06:37:20] suman ravuri: let us get this documented and we request Mike and one of my developer to follow the documentation and get it working
[06:37:36] suman ravuri: [6:05:29 PM] suman ravuri: git dependency is just to retain history

@Victor, corrent me if I am wrong



<<< 
[06:37:50] Mario Calderón: @Suman: seems reasonable
[06:37:51] suman ravuri: @Victor, can you please comment on this
[06:38:20] Victor Perez Juarez: So that no is issue of git id not that win no delete and clone of sub repository
[06:39:29] Victor Perez Juarez: Automáticaly
[06:39:43] Victor Perez Juarez: So is verían simple
[06:39:55] Victor Perez Juarez: Very simple
[06:40:08] suman ravuri: @Victor, have you tested hgflow in linux environment?
[06:40:25] suman ravuri: I could not get hg flow working in linux
[06:41:59] Victor Perez Juarez: Mmm, i use source tree not need install other thing
[06:42:20] Victor Perez Juarez: But in consolé i installed before
[06:42:38] suman ravuri: source tree does not work for linux
[06:42:43] Mario Calderón: @Suman: I see the paths in Eclipse
[06:42:55] Victor Perez Juarez: He of tips for Windows people
[06:42:58] suman ravuri: and in windows it does not work for mercury
[06:43:15] suman ravuri: so I opted for windows and tortoise hg
[06:43:44] Victor Perez Juarez: If you Switch to other branch that no is 380
[06:44:07] suman ravuri: What are the next steps?
[06:44:12] Victor Perez Juarez: En you need a purgue
[06:44:31] Victor Perez Juarez: Hg purge
[06:44:36] Mario Calderón: we must have the code clean so we can compile and build
[06:45:59] Victor Perez Juarez: If you need back 380 then need delete sub repository
[06:46:06] Mario Calderón: ..and seeds must be updated
[06:46:07] Victor Perez Juarez: And clone again
[06:46:13] Victor Perez Juarez: And ready
[06:46:21] Mario Calderón: https://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/discussion/610548/thread/502bc2e3/
[06:46:50] Victor Perez Juarez: I not sure because not is in auto in win
[06:47:20] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): ..
[06:47:51] Victor Perez Juarez: About current code
[06:48:17] Victor Perez Juarez: Not is work of some sql
[06:48:51] Victor Perez Juarez: Of sql from jspsmart not is good
[06:49:27] Victor Perez Juarez: It not have id reservarion and faild
[06:49:58] suman ravuri: @Steve, I can follow those steps and solve it. but I am worried about adaptability to other users
[06:50:21] suman ravuri: users will be find it difficult to follow this many steps
[06:50:36] Victor Perez Juarez: I set with Xx prefix that not are work
[06:50:55] Mario Calderón: @all: is this issue solved?
[06:51:09] Victor Perez Juarez: Nop
[06:51:20] Mario Calderón: I mean the git issue
[06:51:53] Victor Perez Juarez: Other issue that of metas code was merge with worked not finish
[06:52:15] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): I see Suman has concerns .. does this need more discussion and agreement with the technical people?
[06:52:27] Victor Perez Juarez: In this case migration redactory based in adaxa code
[06:52:41] Victor Perez Juarez: But this not work
[06:52:51] suman ravuri: Let us outline steps for git issue
[06:52:55] Victor Perez Juarez: I cant créate seed
[06:53:14] Mario Calderón: @Steven: it is a matter of publishing and acceptance
[06:53:22] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Victor, pls hold while we finish the git discussion..
[06:55:12] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): @Mario, who is the technical committe these days? can we email each and ask them to come to a  conclusion.  there seems no point in 3 technical people and one accountant trying to do it here and now.
[06:55:42] Mario Calderón: adempiere-technical-team@lists.sourceforge.net
[06:56:05] Mario Calderón: it is a list
[06:56:12] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): how do we frame the question to be considered?
[06:56:45] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Suman .. are you held up till this is resolved or can you keep working?
[06:56:50] Mario Calderón: we can refer to https://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/discussion/610548/thread/502bc2e3/ and ask if the procedure explained there works
[06:57:01] suman ravuri: I can keep working
[06:57:02] Victor Perez Juarez: I know not ask again some was discute
[06:57:43] suman ravuri: here I see as set of steps we follow
[06:57:46] Mario Calderón: I can do it on our behalf
[06:58:02] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Victor, can you pls make that last comment clearer for me?
[06:58:06] Victor Perez Juarez: We can make a wiki with step. To manage sub repository in Windows
[06:58:19] Mario Calderón: +1
[06:58:41] Mario Calderón: who will do it?
[06:58:42] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Suman, Victor, u agree?
[06:58:58] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): well it won't be the accountant!
[06:58:58] Victor Perez Juarez: I am agree
[06:59:25] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Mario, can I ask you to do ot please
[06:59:28] suman ravuri: 1. Document all possible scenarios and steps to follow

2. Get that verified with two senior developers

3. Send request to Technical committe and get opinion and votes

4. Finlize this by next week
[06:59:48] Victor Perez Juarez: The problem not is git is sub repository
[06:59:57] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): sounds a sensible suggestion...
[07:00:18] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): ok Mario?
[07:00:25] Victor Perez Juarez: So i set mercurial sub repository happen of same
[07:00:31] Mario Calderón: yes, will do it after the meeting
[07:00:36] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): thanks..
[07:01:00] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Victor, the other matter you were asking please...
[07:01:15] Victor Perez Juarez: Steven but it was voted
[07:02:55] Victor Perez Juarez: Can make 10 times if want but is only a tech issue that is solve execute 2 additional step for window
[07:04:02] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Victor, I am not the one who needs to be convinced .. I have no say in the issue and do not begin to understand it.
[07:04:42] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): unfortunatly everyones point of view sounds reasonable to me :-(
[07:04:48] Victor Perez Juarez: Other opción is Rm give a solution to migrare git history and include in mercurial without sub repository
[07:05:23] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): can we leave this issue for later resolution since Suman says is not holding hom up.
[07:06:46] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): I get the feeling that we are close to closing off 3.8 for no more new things other than what we already have plus maybe a couple of things... do others think this is correct or not?
[07:07:37] Victor Perez Juarez: I not am agree in remove manufactoring , payroll , WM for not want execute 2 step
[07:08:20] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): @Victor, I agree .. a solution must be found
[07:08:24] Michael McKay: Hi All,  I've just joined the conversation.  I have some time and can help with the repository documentation. Unfortunately, I have not been successful myself but I see other users of windows machines have been.  I'd be happy to work on this off-line and get an acceptable solution for all.
[07:08:51] Victor Perez Juarez: I use a lot my time to integrate how TT ask me
[07:08:51] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): hi Mike
[07:09:20] Victor Perez Juarez: And now say that want revert this work
[07:09:57] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Victor, who is "they"
[07:11:05] Victor Perez Juarez: The TT ask me that integrate sepárate directory
[07:11:23] Victor Perez Juarez: I made this way
[07:11:43] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): i recall the earlier suggestions and discussion.
[07:12:23] suman ravuri: @Steve, let us follow my steps
[07:12:32] suman ravuri: I can proceed futther
[07:13:10] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): looking for the steps ..
[07:14:15] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): 1. Document all possible scenarios and steps to follow

2. Get that verified with two senior developers

3. Send request to Technical committe and get opinion and votes

4. Finlize this by next week
[07:14:42] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): I
[07:14:52] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): is that ok Victor?
[07:15:19] suman ravuri: I am ok to remove step 3
[07:15:27] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): given that TT has already suggested that way ity was to be done .. what would change?
[07:15:59] Victor Perez Juarez: 5,- if vote for remove mi contribution the I move other repository for if other people need my contribution can use
[07:16:00] Mario Calderón: just to know...
[07:17:41] Mario Calderón: I think we are discussing this too long.

It was an issue before knowing how to deal with it.

Now, we know how to deal.

we must make sure others know it , also.
[07:18:32] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): @Victor, I have not seen any comment here that could be considered a suggestion to remove your contribution.
[07:18:38] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): can we move on?
[07:20:55] suman ravuri: @Victor, I want to have your contribution
[07:21:00] suman ravuri: in 380rcs
[07:21:04] suman ravuri: 380rc1
[07:21:21] suman ravuri: I can live with little more steps
[07:21:28] suman ravuri: let us move on
[07:21:38] suman ravuri: let us get the documentation in
[07:22:05] Victor Perez Juarez: http://64.119.213.208/admin/adempiereMonitor?Trace=/usr/local/src/Adempiere/log/2012-11-20_2.log
[07:24:10] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): sorry Victor the page wont open for me ... what is it?
[07:24:26] Victor Perez Juarez: https://bitbucket.org/tortoisehg/thg/issue/2129/subrepository-always-shown-as-dirty-when
[07:24:46] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): thanks
[07:24:51] Victor Perez Juarez: I Sorry this right link
[07:25:09] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): are we moving on to next topic coz its getting later here
[07:25:50] Mario Calderón: I think we're not moving anywhere....
[07:26:23] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): I agree... Suman, have you got enough to be working on?
[07:27:50] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): I wanted to know what else was outstanding to be done and perhaps defer things that have not nearly progressed to a conclusion .. what do others think?
[07:28:25] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): I assumed all Victor's work was included or nearly included.
[07:28:34] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): This message has been removed.
[07:29:40] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Mario, are you done?
[07:29:43] Mario Calderón: yes
[07:29:52] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Victor?
[07:30:35] Mario Calderón: it is a matter of getting the contributions compilable and the seed done
[07:31:10] Mario Calderón: there is actually no new stuff anymore
[07:31:23] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): what about the costing changes?
[07:31:44] Mario Calderón: Susanne told me, from her side, it is tested
[07:32:00] Victor Perez Juarez: I am pending to include WM
[07:32:01] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): what about the issues Victor was raising about Financial Report?
[07:32:03] Mario Calderón: it remains your and Victor's
[07:32:46] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): @Mario..thanks for feedback on costing...
[07:33:28] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Victor was WM on the roadmap? .. is it new and big and could slow things down?
[07:33:32] Victor Perez Juarez: But then need a wait to integrate of not it dependet of what we make with sub repository
[07:34:56] Victor Perez Juarez: Yes Steven was include by suman
[07:35:11] Mario Calderón: @Steven: WM is on the roadmap
[07:35:15] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): I ask because I asked about adding improved financial report writer and that seems not to have been smooth so far.
[07:35:22] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): thanks Mario
[07:35:32] Victor Perez Juarez: But i revert. Because need include in sepárate directory
[07:36:02] Victor Perez Juarez: My issue is that WM is other git project
[07:36:07] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): ok so WM is to be included..
[07:36:22] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): any other things still to be dealt with?
[07:36:44] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): ie for inclusion..
[07:37:22] Victor Perez Juarez: Of financial report of sql script no are work
[07:38:04] Victor Perez Juarez: And i think was créate without reserve ids i saw seq 1000000
[07:38:41] Victor Perez Juarez: Si we need solve this to integrate
[07:38:44] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): thanks .. I will seek more info.
[07:39:04] Cristina Ghita: Hi  all!

I am also available now
[07:39:17] Mario Calderón: hi cristina!! Nice you're here
[07:39:23] suman ravuri: @Victor, do we have some documentaion on how we addrees these kind of thinds
[07:39:32] suman ravuri: regenerate ID?
[07:39:39] Victor Perez Juarez: I re organize sql script with my in tensión of créate a seed
[07:40:04] Victor Perez Juarez: But exist sql with errors
[07:41:10] Victor Perez Juarez: I rename with Xx prefix
[07:41:46] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): @Victor, do you think you can solve the problms without too much work?
[07:42:44] suman ravuri: [7:10:22 PM] suman ravuri: @Victor, do we have some documentaion on how we addrees these kind of thinds

regenerate ID?



<<< 
[07:42:53] suman ravuri: can you please respond to this?
[07:42:58] Victor Perez Juarez: http://www.adempiere.com/Centralized_ID_Management
[07:43:20] Victor Perez Juarez: Yes
[07:44:08] Victor Perez Juarez: We need solve 3 subject
[07:44:32] Victor Perez Juarez: 1- migration tools refactory
[07:46:12] Victor Perez Juarez: 2- solve migration script for new range feature and financial report
[07:47:13] Victor Perez Juarez: For first cris say me that should be revert because not is ready
[07:47:40] Cristina Ghita: Yes
[07:47:44] suman ravuri: Hi Victor, link does not talk about fixing existing sqls, do we need to regenerate?
[07:47:47] Victor Perez Juarez: I test and not is work as adaxa prev version
[07:47:48] Cristina Ghita: all fiels regarding migration
[07:47:50] Cristina Ghita: shoudl be reverted
[07:47:56] Cristina Ghita: there not supposed to be there
[07:48:12] Cristina Ghita: yes, because is missing code from there
[07:48:52] Victor Perez Juarez: Suman Why integrate was a error ?
[07:49:24] suman ravuri: @Victor, I dd not understand your question
[07:49:27] suman ravuri: did
[07:50:09] Mario Calderón: @all: is there a possibility to enumerate errors/tasks and distribute them?
[07:50:23] Victor Perez Juarez: About of financial report i think that of sql not was créate using adempiere best practice
[07:51:36] Victor Perez Juarez: @Suman Why integrate of migration tools refactory in 380 if not is complete ?
[07:52:41] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): I have to leave you to finish this talk .. 0100 here.
[07:52:44] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): bye
[07:53:00] Victor Perez Juarez: So a solution is Apply of financial in a seed new
[07:53:57] Victor Perez Juarez: And créate a 2pack to generare ids and same time créate XML script
[07:54:06] Mario Calderón: bye Steven
[07:54:23] Mario Calderón: so...

waht is still open?
[07:54:27] Victor Perez Juarez: Bye Steven
[08:01:57] Mario Calderón: I suggest, the opening matters will be discussed by victor and Suman. Out of these conversations, it wll be delegated who wll do what
[08:02:44] Mario Calderón: the goal will be to stabilize code so that we start soon with community test
[08:03:41] Mario Calderón: any other items to discuss?
[08:04:29] Victor Perez Juarez: Suman of Where  was take code to migration tools refactory?
[08:04:31] suman ravuri: I am fine
[08:04:42] suman ravuri: I will work with Victor
[08:06:22] Victor Perez Juarez: Do you merge from incomplete branch ?
[08:13:47] suman ravuri: How do we know it is incomplete branch?
[08:13:52] suman ravuri: by code review?
[08:16:48] Mario Calderón: are we finished?
[08:21:52] Victor Perez Juarez: I know because Cris says me
[08:22:24] Victor Perez Juarez: so we need know that can integrate from metas branches
[08:22:26] suman ravuri: Cris would have taken care when they say branch is ready
[08:22:58] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that they said you
[08:23:17] Victor Perez Juarez: what metas branches you merge?
[08:23:24] suman ravuri: yes
[08:23:33] suman ravuri: one minute
[08:30:36] Victor Perez Juarez: Suman
[08:30:38] Victor Perez Juarez: Process Gear In Window is integrated into ADempiere380
[08:30:50] Victor Perez Juarez: it was introducing in this revision
[08:31:01] Victor Perez Juarez: Revision: 7501
[08:31:39] Victor Perez Juarez:  Process Gear In Window is work finish, Cris ?
[08:32:30] Mario Calderón: @all: I will be absent for 20 mins. 

if meeting is still ongoing, I will rejoin

bye
[08:35:29] Victor Perez Juarez: I think that  Process Gear In Window have code multiples improves
[08:39:19] Cristina Ghita: Suman from exaclty wich branches did you merged our code?
[08:41:12] Victor Perez Juarez: I saw that include all this class
[08:43:47] Victor Perez Juarez: https://sourceforge.net/p/adempiere/code/ci/3c0cfc529d5d432650005eaef74690030f14d9e6/
[08:49:42] Cristina Ghita: Suman?
[08:49:51] Cristina Ghita: what branches did you merged form metas?
[08:50:17] suman ravuri: @Cris, I need some time
[08:51:47] Cristina Ghita: ok
[08:51:48] Cristina Ghita: thanks
[08:51:55] Cristina Ghita: I need to find a way to clear up this
[08:54:45] Victor Perez Juarez: the issue that was multiples commits
[08:55:13] Victor Perez Juarez: for example to include of migration sql changes
[08:55:17] Victor Perez Juarez: was adding before
[08:55:27] Victor Perez Juarez: I renumber this sql script
[08:55:41] Victor Perez Juarez: Criis how many work need to fix of migration tools
[08:59:16] Victor Perez Juarez: ?
[08:59:37] Cristina Ghita: we do not have time now.. do not know how much
[09:04:01] Cristina Ghita: after Suman gives me the list of branches, I will check them and remove the incomplete code, so that Suman can merge again
[09:04:50] Cristina Ghita: Victor I know that you like the new migraiton code, but we do not have time to finish chnages now or to give support
[09:05:09] Cristina Ghita: It will be for the next release
[09:05:21] Victor Perez Juarez: ok I understand
[09:05:37] Victor Perez Juarez: I not sure if of migration tools class
[09:05:51] Victor Perez Juarez: are into of Process Gear In Window
[09:05:59] Victor Perez Juarez: is this was this way , the it was issue
[09:06:09] Victor Perez Juarez: that we integrate 2 features in same branch
[09:06:25] Cristina Ghita: yes, something like that
[09:06:27] Victor Perez Juarez: we need only have of stable code so Suman can merge without some issue
[09:06:35] Cristina Ghita: yes, exactly
[09:06:59] Cristina Ghita: that's why I need that list to check those branches and make sure that is stable
[09:14:35] Cristina Ghita: Suman when you have the list, please send me an email if I am not online
[09:14:43] suman ravuri: ok
~~~

