---
title: FT/TT meeting minutes January 28th 2014
category: Community
star: 9
sticky: 9
tag:
  - Wiki
  - Meetings
article: false
---

## Minutes

**General**
- **Participants:** Steven Sackett, Michael McKay, Mario Calderon, Victor Perez, Enrique Ruibal, Yamel Senih, Jatinder Kansai
- **Date / Time:** Tuesday, July 21st 2015 / 12:00h - 12:59h GMT
- **The meeting closed after 59 mins**

**Agenda**
1. Planning of next releases
2. Misc
3. Next meeting

**Discussion**
1. **Planning of next releases:**
   - Collect functional contributions, bugfixes etc. as candidates
   - Call for contributions
   - Create Wiki page to document contributions (Enrique Ruibal)
   - Edit and order Wiki page
   - Possible contributions
     - Steven Sackett has sent a file with a list and description of possible contributions which will be included in the Wiki. In addition to the items in the file, Planned Maintenance module and Walking Tree HR modules.
     - Victor: Budget management, Functionality for transport, improvements in WMS for receipt express
     - Mike McKay: ZK update
     - Yamel Senih: Android development
     - Mario Calderón: ADempiere POS on ZK, several handy Smart Browsers
     - Jatinder Kansai: Personal Information Management, Leave Management System, Short Leaves, Official Duty, Loan Management, Performance Management System, Attendance management along with any Biometric Machine, Payroll Processing [Can be applicable for any country], Psychometric Testing System, Recruitment management
     - Others: Java 1.8, bug fixes

2. **Planning of next releases:**
   - Victor will prepare a page for contributions in the new portal
   - Testing of contributions will be provided on the new portal
   - Effort has to be undertaken to pull the historical data from SourceForge
   - IntelliJ was talked about as an alternative Development Tool

3. **Next Meeting:**
   - Tuesday, July 28th 2015 / 12:00h GMT

## Log

Following is the meeting log - time is in GMT -6

~~~
Tuesday, July 21, 2015
[9:07:25 PM]  Mario Calderón added ossagho.
 Tuesday, July 21, 2015
[4:55:37 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): hi
[4:57:49 AM] Michael McKay: Hi Steve
[4:57:57 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): hi
[5:02:53 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Hi everybody
[5:03:21 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Hi Victor .. is this the correct meetin time?
[5:04:31 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Yes but I not see Mario here
[5:05:26 AM] Mario Calderón: good morning everybody!!!
[5:05:38 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Hi Mario
[5:06:34 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): extra candidate item ... the Planned Maintenance module (in case it gets forgotten)
[5:07:48 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): .... and WT HR modules
[5:08:23 AM] Mario Calderón: should we start or do we wait for someone else?
[5:08:41 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): who else are you expecting?
[5:09:49 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I think we should start
[5:10:27 AM] Mario Calderón: ok
[5:10:54 AM] Mario Calderón: I will doument the meeting
[5:11:06 AM] Mario Calderón: and post it in the wiki
[5:11:07 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Ok
[5:11:40 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: What is agenda
[5:12:52 AM] Mario Calderón: the reason of this meeting is to 
1.- call for contributions 
2.- decide which would be the next releases
3.- which functionality they will contain the releases 
4.- the time schedule of the releases
[5:14:05 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Ok i planning release 382 first
[5:14:28 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: With patches for 380
[5:15:06 AM] Mario Calderón: (this is the actual branch in the Adempiere repository)
[5:15:11 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Then te big feautes for 390
[5:16:30 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: May be is good release  With zk 7 and support jdk 8
[5:16:37 AM] Enrique Ruibal: Hi. good morning to all
[5:16:42 AM] Enrique Ruibal: and/or night
[5:16:57 AM] Mario Calderón: @Mike, Enrique: Steven sent a couple of files with the contributions Adaxa is willing to see integrated
[5:17:00 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): hi Enrique
[5:17:00 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Hi Enrique
[5:17:40 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Mario, i copied Mike a few minutes back but he will not have read
[5:17:56 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Yes i had and review
[5:18:41 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I see great things
[5:18:47 AM] Mario Calderón: I suggest to create a wiki page were we just collect and comment the contributions
[5:19:26 AM] Mario Calderón: and in a further meeting decide what is going to be included in which release
[5:19:39 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Steven where are code ?
[5:19:55 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): not made available yet
[5:20:26 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): will be in what we call our 1.04 release and we will add a brnch with all the code.
[5:20:37 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Ok
[5:20:41 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): can provide parts separately if required but it adds work
[5:21:34 AM] Mario Calderón: it is not necessary in my opinion Steven. ..Inbetween we can describe the funcionalities in the wiki and decide
[5:21:49 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): sure
[5:21:50 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: My contribution will are butget mgt
[5:21:55 AM] Mario Calderón: then we move on
[5:22:34 AM] Mario Calderón: and we have some handy Smart Browsers and the Adaxa POS on WebUI
[5:23:02 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: And improves in WMS for receipt express
[5:23:07 AM] Mario Calderón: who wants to create the wiki page for the new releases?
[5:23:29 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): not sure about POS ... still a work in progress .. and it is not web ... it is more stable OBB Pos
[5:24:26 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Also we start Functionality for trasport
[5:24:35 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Mario, I can create content but have no confidence to add to the wiki
[5:25:09 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): too technical for old accountant :-(
[5:25:20 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Mario we can make this
[5:25:35 AM] Enrique Ruibal: I can help with the wiki... but will need some guidance
[5:25:45 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Only need code and a demo from Steven
[5:25:49 AM] Mario Calderón: I can help you Ernrique...
[5:26:17 AM] Enrique Ruibal: all right mario perhaps with a short one in one with you I can get started
[5:26:20 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: We can mount new portal
[5:26:44 AM] Enrique Ruibal: I think the portal is nicer
[5:27:13 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): what happens with all the content in the old wiki... migrate it?
[5:27:27 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Steven can send your document to Enrique
[5:27:30 AM] Mario Calderón: right , godd idea to include it in the new portal.
But the portal is not released and a lot of people still see the wiki
[5:28:03 AM] Enrique Ruibal: but we can provide links on the wiki to the new portal
[5:28:09 AM] Mario Calderón: so I still would recommend to document it in the wiki
[5:28:14 AM] Mario Calderón: right
[5:28:29 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Are diferent proposite
[5:28:43 AM] Mario Calderón: the idea is that the new portal contains the information mainly
[5:28:47 AM] Mario Calderón: ok
[5:29:19 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: We are mount booktype to write we documentation
[5:29:41 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: So that is best document here as ebook
[5:30:02 AM] Mario Calderón: what about the contributions of Yamel (Android), Jatinder (packout and others)?
[5:30:23 AM] Mario Calderón: should we enumerate them also?
[5:30:53 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: We can build a new road map
[5:31:17 AM] Mario Calderón: ok
[5:31:51 AM] Mario Calderón: ..and what about Mike's efforts on ZK? Perhaps a summary and outlook would be great on it, so we can decide
[5:32:21 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: The booktype should be to validare of contribution and documented
[5:32:59 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Yes i like include zk
[5:33:30 AM] Michael McKay: The ZK branch is nearly ready and is at the stage of 381.  I could use some testing help with it though.
[5:33:34 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: @steven new portal not remplace by booktype
[5:33:51 AM] Mario Calderón: ok this is a task for the team
[5:33:55 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Are diferent
[5:34:18 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Of wiki is more informal
[5:34:47 AM] Mario Calderón: now the question: how do we make publish an additional URL for testing?
[5:35:19 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: We need make public call to contribute
[5:35:28 AM] Mario Calderón: @Victor: is this possible with the resources we have ?
[5:35:49 AM] Mario Calderón: I meant to have a build and publish it
[5:35:52 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Yes we need use new portal
[5:36:00 AM] Mario Calderón: of the contributions
[5:36:04 AM] Mario Calderón: ok
[5:36:07 AM] Mario Calderón: great
[5:36:18 AM] Yamel Senih: hi all
[5:36:32 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): hi Yamel
[5:36:38 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Because SF dead as we firecast :-(
[5:36:45 AM] Mario Calderón: so in the new portal would run the candidate with the new contributions like Mikes ZK ?
[5:36:52 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Forecast
[5:36:58 AM] Mario Calderón: hi Yamel
[5:37:38 AM] Mario Calderón: is it right Victor? In the new portal would run the candidate so everybody can test?
[5:37:41 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Yes créate a new instante for test
[5:37:56 AM] Mario Calderón: ok is it OK with you Mike?
[5:38:23 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Yes we need solve merge
[5:39:20 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I try of merge for this endweek
[5:39:28 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): can we also pull all our sourceforge info by "You can also request a data export using the Allura API. When complete, the file can be retrieved via scp USERNAME@web.sourceforge.net:/home/project-exports/PROJECT/FILENAME ." ... http://sourceforge.net/p/forge/documentation/Project%20Data%20Export/  ... and have our own Allura instance?
[5:39:38 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Week end
[5:40:34 AM] Mario Calderón: ...don't know/remember....
[5:40:59 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Steven we move for github in 380
[5:41:19 AM] Mario Calderón: what about the forums?
[5:41:20 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): sure but all the support case history is still in SF
[5:41:28 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): ie forums etc
[5:41:31 AM] Mario Calderón: right, in the forums
[5:41:46 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): thats what I would like to see pulled out
[5:41:46 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: And The other servíces will are mount in liferay
[5:42:04 AM] Mario Calderón: we tried it before, but nobody knew how to pull the history....
[5:42:46 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: For hidtory would
[5:44:09 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: John review of SF Json api and is posible get
[5:44:14 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: All info
[5:44:25 AM] Michael McKay: Its OK with me.  The Merge with ZK7 should be simple since I did a merge of 381 into the zk7 branch.  It wasn't a straight forward merge and I may have broke some 380 interface functionality.  It needs a thorough check.
[5:44:34 AM] Mario Calderón: ok . we can ask John
[5:44:49 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: We can save a dB and migraré new forum plataform
[5:45:33 AM] Mario Calderón: I like this idea
By the way: do you have access to the new portal Mike?
[5:48:13 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Here big things of zk and sping
[5:48:28 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: We need test
[5:50:40 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): i have to leave in 6 minutes ... anything needed from me for this first stage?
[5:51:37 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Victor, I have a question, did you make progress with WT HR?
[5:52:05 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Yes i can continúe with this
[5:52:36 AM] Enrique Ruibal: @steven @mario please send me the documents you are preparing I will get in touch with Mario to help with the wiki or new publishing pataform
[5:52:41 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: To employee performances and leave management
[5:53:22 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Ok Enrique
[5:54:43 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): Enrique, we will provide mainly a pdf document adaxa "HowTo" guide and then hopefully attach it with small amount of introductory info in the wiki page ... will that be ok?
[5:54:55 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: On The other hand Mario and me will work in new smart browse for All modules
[5:55:12 AM] Enrique Ruibal: @steven looking forward to it
[5:55:54 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): I created one for 'consolidation and elimination" .. that will be the pattern
[5:56:05 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): did u get a copy?
[5:56:28 AM] Mario Calderón: one question J.K. Ossago is in the group, and he wants to attend the meeting, but don'd see it. Can somebody help him?
[5:56:31 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: We think include a SB for each Main process
[5:56:32 AM] Enrique Ruibal: No...can you send it / share it?
[5:58:23 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): sent here ... eruibal    at   iscapnet.
[5:58:33 AM] Enrique Ruibal: yes.. thanks
[5:59:12 AM] Mario Calderón: ok something else?
[5:59:29 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Of dates
[5:59:57 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I think release 382 end septiember
[6:00:19 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Will receipt more patches
[6:00:56 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: And 390 depend of contributions
[6:01:00 AM] Steven Sackett (Adaxa): goodbye all...
[6:01:15 AM] Mario Calderón: bye and good night Steven
[6:03:08 AM] Enrique Ruibal: see you next
[6:03:26 AM] Enrique Ruibal: @mario I will contact you to discuss documentation steps
[6:03:39 AM] Mario Calderón: so guys, the we have to put up the wiki page and portal soon
[6:04:04 AM] Mario Calderón: ok Enrique . later after breakfast? (here it is 6am)
[6:04:52 AM] Enrique Ruibal: sure.. looking forward to it
[6:05:24 AM] Mario Calderón: ok, then bye to all
meeting next week same time?
[6:05:54 AM] Enrique Ruibal: I am in.. (y)
[6:06:01 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Enrique you can review of documentation of
[6:06:05 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: https://www.sourcefabric.org/en/booktype/
[6:06:18 AM] Enrique Ruibal: Thanks Victor, I will
[6:06:35 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: We publish in this plataform of documentation
[6:07:13 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I hope hace ready next week
[6:10:37 AM] Mario Calderón: good bye, everybody
[6:17:20 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: Hello
[6:17:37 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: JK welcome
[6:17:44 AM] Yamel Senih: good bye, everybody
[6:17:49 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: thanks
[6:18:21 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: we finish of meeting , but now are in skye group
[6:18:37 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: Mario will set minute of meeting
[6:18:47 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: no proble
[6:19:05 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: but thanks for adding me
[6:21:09 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: any doubt and comment you are welcome
[6:21:32 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: we can help you
[6:21:37 AM] Yamel Senih: Hi JK
[6:21:55 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: hi Yamel
[6:22:34 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: Dear Victor,
[6:22:51 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: very soon we will upload the changes as you guide us
[6:22:56 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: Adempiere
[6:23:08 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: just see if it works for community
[6:23:23 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: ==========================
[6:23:34 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: yes will great this way can include your improves
[6:24:28 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: we are create of road map for 390
[6:24:28 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: Now a days we are working on HCMS [ Human Capital Management System ]

Which includes the followings:
[6:24:44 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: and will be great include your contributions
[6:26:26 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: 1. Personal Information Management
2. Leave Management System
3. Short Leaves
4. Official Duty
5. Loan Management
6. Performance Management System
7. Attendance management along with any Biometric Machine
8. Payroll Processing [Can be applicable for any country]
[6:26:59 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: 9. Psychometric Testing System
10. Recruitment management
[6:27:02 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: --------------------------------
[6:27:13 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: based on 380?
[6:27:16 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: yes
[6:27:21 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: great
[6:27:45 AM] Yamel Senih: yes?
[6:27:58 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: we are continue work to migrate Performance Management System and Leave Management System
[6:28:01 AM] Yamel Senih: we have such similary
[6:28:10 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: from walktree
[6:28:24 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: but then we need review vs your contribution
[6:29:26 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: We are having issues  while configuring the 380 Web Application in Eclipse it does not allows us to debug the application using tomcat
[6:29:48 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: where we have successfully worked on 370 version
[6:30:01 AM] Yamel Senih: we can help you with integration
[6:30:32 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: thanks Yamel, please guide us..
[6:30:36 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: how we can
[6:31:14 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: I now using intellij
[6:31:20 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: and work fine
[6:31:30 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: for tomcat debug
[6:32:27 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: we had never tried any other except eclipse
[6:32:33 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: so let us try Intellij
[6:32:35 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: here are a guide
[6:32:41 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: but is in spanish
[6:32:58 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: may be can be use see of video
[6:32:58 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=292bgH9uKTw#t=1749
[6:33:26 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: http://adempiere.io/web/guest/tutorial-videos
[6:33:39 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: IntelliJ had two versions which is better
[6:33:48 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: ultimate or community
[6:35:01 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: ultimate
[6:35:49 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: you can ask for a free license here
[6:35:50 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: https://www.jetbrains.com/buy/opensource/?product=idea
[6:36:26 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: some got out license for ultimate version that is necessary for debug in ZK and tomcat
[6:37:57 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: Some times we had found that ZK screen never render properly
[6:38:09 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: had anyone found the same issue
[6:38:22 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: or come accross
[6:39:10 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: we resolve this
[6:39:25 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: it happened with crome browse
[6:39:56 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: ok
[6:41:33 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=491056
[6:49:45 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: We had worked on many other erp products where we had found some basic validation which is required by every business like

1. if we had prepared Order for 100 then receipt /shipment should not be more than 100 and Invoice so on
2. if we had found any Inventory from shop floor or lost Inventory then there should be a provision to add those inventories.

We had developed extra patches to meet business requirement, so will it work internationally as same is provided by any renowned erp solutions like SAP, Oracle, Microsoft Dynamics as part of basic functionality..
[6:50:52 AM] Victor Perez Juarez: ok great
[6:58:42 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: so can we put it as part of base functionality
[6:59:00 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: or due to any other reason
[6:59:08 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: it is not considered
[6:59:14 AM] J.K. OSSAGHO: till date
~~~